Curriculum/Class43/Facilitator.md, before:

# Class 42: Ethics

## How do I prep for today?
Read through the articles in the reading. This is the basic
outline of the types of topics that you can discuss. 

_*The main goal of today is to bring awareness to the students of the 
types of issues they may encounter and the decisions they have to face in their career, 
not to tell them how to think*_

A fun video clip to introduce the topic to:
[The Trolly Probelm - The Good Place (1:21 clip)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hrPkcYQobro)

Have an open discussion with the class. Make sure that you preface the conversation with the class
on being professional and respectful to those participating. Remind them that they are allowed 
to disagree with other students respecfully and professionally, but not attack other students or
belittle students for their opinions. In the workforce, regardless of the field, we are going to 
encounter those who hold different beliefs than us. We have to know how to 
still work professionally with those who do not share our same thoughts and still stay an open and collaborative
environment. 

During the class discussion, use either the whiteboard, or some drawing tool to write down
the accumulation of ideas and responses that you get from students. 

1. Morals vs Ethics
   - What are morals?
     - personal beliefs of what is right/wrong
     - guided by cultural norms
     - Change with an ind. beliefs
   - What are ethics?
     - principles that help guide indv. or groups decide what is good/bad
     - Guided by professional and legal guidelines
     - Dependent on others for definition, "full social buy-in" for specific ethics to
     be enforced. 
   - How do they differ?
     - Morals are individual beliefs, ethics are more on the "Social System" layer. 

2. Why do we need Ethics?
   - Ask the class why we need them? Why are they important?

3. Introduce a few ethical questions. Let the students think about what they should do?
   - As a Software Developer, You interviewed at 2 different companines, and you were extended 
   an offer from ABC for an amount of money that you are more than happy with. After accepting, 
company XYZ extends an offer to you. You politely decline the offer as you have already accepted company
ABC's offer. XYZ offers you 10k more than what ABC has giving you. You then accept their offer and
tell ABC that you are no longer intersted in the posiiton. We can assume that there was at least a month
before the start date for either company and that both companies had "backup" developers should you
refuse your offer. 
     - Was accepting XYZ's offer the ethical decision after accepting ABCs offer?
     - why or why not
     - Be sure to discuss both sides of the reasoning

- Scenario 2: A police officer is having trouble finding a babysitter that
they trust to watch their brand new baby. After interviewing a nanny, the police
officer runs the nanny's information through the police background system and finds no major
issues or areas of concern. They hire the nanny, and are able to enjoy an evening knowing 
their child is safe.
 - Was it "ok" for the police officer to run the nanny's information through the police system?
 - Why or why not? 
 - Discuss both sides of the reasoning
   - misuse of police resources
   - They were able to ensure the safety of their family. No one was "hurt" 


## What changed from yesterday? 

 
## What might students struggle with today?  



## What bugs, issues, or surprises have come up in the past for this class?



## General comments

Commit message:

Update Class 43 Fac. Guide and adding Class 44

Curriculum/Class43/Facilitator.md, after:

# Class 42: Ethics

## How do I prep for today?
Read through the articles in the reading. This is the basic
outline of the types of topics that you can discuss. 

_*The main goal of today is to bring awareness to the students of the 
types of issues they may encounter and the decisions they have to face in their career, 
not to tell them how to think*_

A fun video clip to introduce the topic to:
[The Trolly Probelm - The Good Place (1:21 clip)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hrPkcYQobro)

Have an open discussion with the class. Make sure that you preface the conversation with the class
on being professional and respectful to those participating. Remind them that they are allowed 
to disagree with other students respecfully and professionally, but not attack other students or
belittle students for their opinions. In the workforce, regardless of the field, we are going to 
encounter those who hold different beliefs than us. We have to know how to 
still work professionally with those who do not share our same thoughts and still stay an open and collaborative
environment. 

During the class discussion, use either the whiteboard, or some drawing tool to write down
the accumulation of ideas and responses that you get from students. 

1. Morals vs Ethics
   - What are morals?
   - What are ethics?
   - How do they differ?

2. Why do we need Ethics?

3. Introduce a few ethical questions. Let the students think about what they should do? Here are two:
   - As a Software Developer, You interviewed at 2 different companines, and you were extended 
   an offer from ABC for an amount of money that you are more than happy with. After accepting, 
company XYZ extends an offer to you. You politely decline the offer as you have already accepted company
ABC's offer. XYZ offers you 10k more than what ABC has giving you. You then accept their offer and
tell ABC that you are no longer intersted in the posiiton. We can assume that there was at least a month
before the start date for either company and that both companies had "backup" developers should you
refuse your offer. 
     - Was accepting XYZ's offer the ethical decision after accepting ABCs offer?
     - why or why not
     - Be sure to discuss both sides of the reasoning

- Scenario 2: A police officer is having trouble finding a babysitter that
they trust to watch their brand new baby. After interviewing a nanny, the police
officer runs the nanny's information through the police background system and finds no major
issues or areas of concern. They hire the nanny, and are able to enjoy an evening knowing 
their child is safe.
 - Was it "ok" for the police officer to run the nanny's information through the police system?
 - Why or why not? 
 - Discuss both sides of the reasoning
   - misuse of police resources
   - They were able to ensure the safety of their family. No one was "hurt" 


4. From here...move the conversation to discuss the readings. Talk with the students about some of the stories of the 
readings and why we need to think about them from an ethical stand point? Are you able to get a disusccion going
that can highlight the talking points from both supporting and opposing sides? 

5. If you are unsure of what to do, or how to talk about it...consider focusing on how fast technology
is moving. Discuss the problems it is solving, and what problems it is creating. Focus on how, as developers,
it's really important for us to take these scenarios and questions into consideration as we move through
our career. 

## What changed from yesterday? 
N/A. Today is a discussion day. 

 
## What might students struggle with today?  
Encourage class disucssion. Let the students drive the discussion. Be sure to moderate the conversation
by keeping the conversation professional and respectful. 


## What bugs, issues, or surprises have come up in the past for this class?
N/A


## General comments
From feedback, students really enjoy this discussion because it talks about the consequences for 
the technology we are building and working with. It's really important for developers to stay educated and 
aware of these types of issues. I have not yet had any "issues" with this talk. It can be an intimidatig talk to 
give, but have found really professional and respectful behavior.
