Projects/MidtermPart4.md, before:

# Group Project: Begin Wireframes & Software Requirements

## Wireframes
It is now time to begin preparations for your Group Project. The next step for group projects is to begin to generate wireframes for each page in your application.

### Tasks
Wireframes allow you to experiment with the look and feel of a website 
without committing any code. You can use an online or desktop tool, such 
as Moqups.com or Mockingbird. Create your Wireframe in a digital tool.

## Requirements
Create a markdown file in your project repo that defines your 
project's software requirements.

Name your doc `Requirements.md` and be sure to include all of the required information, in detail. 

The requirements for your software requirements doc can be found [HERE](SoftwareReqs){:target="_blank"} 

#### Submitting Your Work
**This is a group submission. Only one person must submit for group credit**
If you have created wireframes online, please submit a link to them (in progress is fine, they need not be complete yet).

If you have created pen-and-paper wireframes, take a quick picture of them and upload that.

Commit message:

add soft req reference text

Projects/MidtermPart4.md, after:

# Group Project: Begin Wireframes & Software Requirements

## Wireframes
It is now time to begin preparations for your Group Project. The next step for group projects is to begin to generate wireframes for each page in your application.

### Tasks
Wireframes allow you to experiment with the look and feel of a website 
without committing any code. You can use an online or desktop tool, such 
as Moqups.com or Mockingbird. Create your Wireframe in a digital tool.

## Requirements
Create a markdown file in your project repo that defines your 
project's software requirements.

Name your doc `Requirements.md` and be sure to include all of the required information, in detail. 

The requirements for your software requirements doc can be found [HERE](SoftwareReqs){:target="_blank"} 

Inside your Class Repository, in the Resources Folder, lives 2 "official" Software Requirements docs. You 
are not required to create a multipage doc, just one page is enough, but should you want example and instpiration, they are there 
for your reference.

#### Submitting Your Work
**This is a group submission. Only one person must submit for group credit**
If you have created wireframes online, please submit a link to them (in progress is fine, they need not be complete yet).

If you have created pen-and-paper wireframes, take a quick picture of them and upload that.
