Curriculum/Class02/FACILITATOR.md, before:

# Class 02 Unit Testing

## Overview
* Today is solely focusing on how students should be approaching the setup and presentation of their assignments. 
* Use XUnit when unit testing within C#. 
* The documentation portion shows an example of what the readme documentation should look like, as well as comments within code.


## Learning Objectives
* Students will be able to successfully create unit tests for their C# console applications using the Red/Green/Refactor approach. 
* The students will understand and implement code coverage within their programs when testing
* Students will include intuitive comments within their code
* Students will setup readme documentation for each assignment given a specific format


## How do I prep for today?
 Review what the most current XUnit version. Make sure it is compatible with your framework. 

 1. Code Review on "About Me Quiz" / Code Challenge
 2. Introduction to TDD and Unit Testing
	- Lecture Notes [here]("../Resources/UnitTests.md")
 3. Demo

## What changed from yesterday? 
- They should be comfortable with the langauge at this point at a beginner's level. Today we introduce Testing, the expectation moving 
forward is that they implement testing into their code everyday.

## What might students struggle with today? 
- Students may struggle with the concept of Test Driven Development.
- Many of the students don't fully know how to break down problems from a large abstract probelem domain to smaller components
- You will find yourself encouraging students to "think simplier", eventually after a few tries, they get the hang of it ;) 
- 

## What bugs, issues, or surprises have come up in the past for this class?
N/A

## General comments
N/A

Commit message:

update FG and lab for Class02

Curriculum/Class02/FACILITATOR.md, after:

# Class 02 Unit Testing

## Overview
* Today is solely focusing on how students should be approaching the setup and presentation of their assignments. 
* Use XUnit when unit testing within C#. 
* The documentation portion shows an example of what the readme documentation should look like, as well as comments within code.


## Learning Objectives
* Students will be able to successfully create unit tests for their C# console applications using the Red/Green/Refactor approach. 
* The students will understand and implement code coverage within their programs when testing
* Students will include intuitive comments within their code
* Students will setup readme documentation for each assignment given a specific format


## How do I prep for today?
 Review what the most current XUnit version. Make sure it is compatible with your framework. 

 1. Code Review on "About Me Quiz" / Code Challenge
 2. Introduction to TDD and Unit Testing
	- Lecture Notes [here]("../Resources/UnitTests.md")
 3. Demo
 4. You will need to place the `sample-readme.md` file in the class repo so that students have access to it. 

## What changed from yesterday? 
- They should be comfortable with the langauge at this point at a beginner's level. Today we introduce Testing, the expectation moving 
forward is that they implement testing into their code everyday.

## What might students struggle with today? 
- Students may struggle with the concept of Test Driven Development.
- Many of the students don't fully know how to break down problems from a large abstract probelem domain to smaller components
- You will find yourself encouraging students to "think simplier", eventually after a few tries, they get the hang of it ;) 
- 

## What bugs, issues, or surprises have come up in the past for this class?
N/A

## General comments
N/A
