Curriculum/Class01/LAB.md, before:

![cf](http://i.imgur.com/7v5ASc8.png) Lab 01: About Me Quiz
=====================================

## To Submit this Assignment
- Create a new repo on your personal GitHub account
- Name your repo `Lab##-TITLE`
- Create a branch named `NAME-LAB##`
- Write your code
- Commit often
- Push to your repository
- Create a pull request from your branch back to master
- Submit a link to your PR in canvas
- Include a `README.md` (contents described below)

## Directions
- Create an "About Me" quiz that has at least 5 different questions. 
- Each question should be something fun, unique, or interesting about yourself

## Program Specifications
- Your solution should include the following:
    - Main method
	- external methods- (at least 3 non-void return types)
		- Have different return types!
	- At least one try/catch/finally implementation
- When running your application, it should activate the game without any direct code manipulation

	
Stay within scope of this project. Please only use concepts and resources that we have covered so far in previous labs/lectures/assigned prework. 
If you are unsure if it is within scope, please ask a TA or instructor.


### Stretch

- Track number of correct/incorrect questions 
      - Show the user the number of correct/incorrect to user after quiz is over

## README

Provide setup documentation 

- **Comment your code.**
- Provide a readme that includes clear directions on setting up this program.
- Questions to Consider: 
	1. What is the purpose of the program?
	1. How do I run the program?
	1. What does the program look like? (visual)

## Rubric
- 7pts: Program meets all requirements described in Lab directions

	Points  | Reasoning | 
	 ------------ | :-----------: | 
	7       | Program runs as expected, no exceptions during execution |
	5       | Program meets all of the  functionality requirements described above // Program runs/compiles, Program contains logic/process errors|
	4       | Program meets most of the functionality requirements described above // Program runs/compiles, but throws exceptions during execution | 
	3       | Program missing most of the functionality requirements described above // Program runs/compiles |
	2       | Missing Readme Document // Readme Document does not meet standards |
	0       | Program does not compile/run. Build Errors // Required naming conventions not met |
	0       | No Submission |

- 3pts: Code meets industry standards
	- These points are only awarded if you score at minimum a 4/7 on above criteria

	Points  | Reasoning | 
	 ------------ | :-----------: | 
	3       | Code meets Industry Standards // method and variable names are appropriate // Selective and iterative statements are used appropriately, Fundamentals are properly executed // Clearly and cleanly commented // Frequent Commits |
	2       | syntax for naming conventions are not correct (camelCasing and PascalCasing are used appropriately) // slight errors in use of fundamentals // Missing some comments // minimal or no commits |
	1       | Inappropriate naming conventions, and/or inappropriate use of fundamentals // Code is not commented  |
	0       | No Submission or incomplete submission |

Commit message:

add actual time in submission requirements

Curriculum/Class01/LAB.md, after:

![cf](http://i.imgur.com/7v5ASc8.png) Lab 01: About Me Quiz
=====================================

## To Submit this Assignment
- Create a new repo on your personal GitHub account
- Name your repo `Lab##-TITLE`
- Create a branch named `NAME-LAB##`
- Write your code
- Commit often
- Push to your repository
- Create a pull request from your branch back to master
- Submit a link to your PR in canvas
- In Canvas, Include the actual time it took you to complete the assignment as a comment (**REQUIRED**)
- Include a `README.md` (contents described below)

## Directions
- Create an "About Me" quiz that has at least 5 different questions. 
- Each question should be something fun, unique, or interesting about yourself

## Program Specifications
- Your solution should include the following:
    - Main method
	- external methods- (at least 3 non-void return types)
		- Have different return types!
	- At least one try/catch/finally implementation
- When running your application, it should activate the game without any direct code manipulation

	
Stay within scope of this project. Please only use concepts and resources that we have covered so far in previous labs/lectures/assigned prework. 
If you are unsure if it is within scope, please ask a TA or instructor.


### Stretch

- Track number of correct/incorrect questions 
      - Show the user the number of correct/incorrect to user after quiz is over

## README

Provide setup documentation 

- **Comment your code.**
- Provide a readme that includes clear directions on setting up this program.
- Questions to Consider: 
	1. What is the purpose of the program?
	1. How do I run the program?
	1. What does the program look like? (visual)

## Rubric
- 7pts: Program meets all requirements described in Lab directions

	Points  | Reasoning | 
	 ------------ | :-----------: | 
	7       | Program runs as expected, no exceptions during execution |
	5       | Program meets all of the  functionality requirements described above // Program runs/compiles, Program contains logic/process errors|
	4       | Program meets most of the functionality requirements described above // Program runs/compiles, but throws exceptions during execution | 
	3       | Program missing most of the functionality requirements described above // Program runs/compiles |
	2       | Missing Readme document // Readme document does not meet standards // Missing actual time CANVAS note |
	0       | Program does not compile/run. Build Errors // Required naming conventions not met |
	0       | No Submission |

- 3pts: Code meets industry standards
	- These points are only awarded if you score at minimum a 4/7 on above criteria

	Points  | Reasoning | 
	 ------------ | :-----------: | 
	3       | Code meets Industry Standards // method and variable names are appropriate // Selective and iterative statements are used appropriately, Fundamentals are properly executed // Clearly and cleanly commented // Frequent Commits |
	2       | syntax for naming conventions are not correct (camelCasing and PascalCasing are used appropriately) // slight errors in use of fundamentals // Missing some comments // minimal or no commits |
	1       | Inappropriate naming conventions, and/or inappropriate use of fundamentals // Code is not commented  |
	0       | No Submission or incomplete submission |
