Curriculum/Class09/Lab.md, before:

![cf](http://i.imgur.com/7v5ASc8.png) Lab 09: Recursion
=====================================

## To Submit this Assignment
- Create a new repo on your personal GitHub account
- Name your repo `Lab##-TITLE`
- Create a branch named `NAME-LAB##`
- Write your code
- Commit often
- Push to your repository
- Create a pull request from your branch back your `master` branch.
- Submit a link to your PR in canvas
- Merge your PR back into master
- Include a `README.md` (contents described below)

## Directions

Solve 3 the following code challenge with recursion.

1. Reverse a String
2. write a method to generate a string of n asterisks. 
Then write a recursive function to generate triangles 
pointing different directions
(head, tail, middle)
3. Traverse a Linked List using recursion
4. Determine if a string is a palindrome
5. Pascals Triangle

## Specs
TBD

## Tests
TBD

## README

**A Readme is a requirement. No Readme == No Grade.** <br />
Here are the requirements for a valid readme: <br />

A README is a module consumer's first -- and maybe only -- look into your creation. The consumer wants a module to fulfill their need, so you must explain exactly what need your module fills, and how effectively it does so.
<br />
Your job is to

1. tell them what it is (with context, provide a summary)
2. show them what it looks like in action (Visuals)
3. show them how they use it (Step by step directions, "Happy Path" walk through)
4. tell them any other relevant details
<br />

This is ***your*** job. It's up to the module creator to prove that their work is a shining gem in the sea of slipshod modules. Since so many developers' eyes will find their way to your README before anything else, quality here is your public-facing measure of your work.

<br /> Refer to the sample-README in the class repo `Resources` folder for an example. 
- [Reference](https://github.com/noffle/art-of-readme)


## Rubric
- 7pts: Program meets all requirements described in Lab directions.

	Points  | Reasoning | 
	 ------------ | :-----------: | 
	7       | Program runs as expected, no exceptions during execution |
	5       | Program meets all of the  functionality requirements described above (including tests) // Program runs/compiles, Program contains logic/process errors|
	4       | Program meets most of the functionality requirements described above (including tests)  // Program runs/compiles, but throws exceptions during execution |
	3       | Program missing most of the functionality requirements described above // Program runs/compiles |
	2       | Readme Document does not meet minimum standards |
	0       | Program does not compile/run. Build Errors // Required naming conventions not met |
	0       | No Submission |

- 3pts: Code meets industry standards
	- These points are only awarded if you score at minimum a 5/7 on above criteria

	Points  | Reasoning | 
	 ------------ | :-----------: | 
	3       | Code meets Industry Standards // method and variable names are appropriate // Selective and iterative statements are used appropriately, Fundamentals are properly executed // Clearly and cleanly commented // Frequent Commits |
	2       | syntax for naming conventions are not correct (camelCasing and PascalCasing are used appropriately) // slight errors in use of fundamentals // Missing some comments // minimal or no commits |
	1       | Inappropriate naming conventions, and/or inappropriate use of fundamentals // Code is not commented  |
	0       | No Submission or incomplete submission |

Commit message:

add actual time in submission requirements

Curriculum/Class09/Lab.md, after:

![cf](http://i.imgur.com/7v5ASc8.png) Lab 09: Recursion
=====================================

## To Submit this Assignment
- Create a new repo on your personal GitHub account
- Name your repo `Lab##-TITLE`
- Create a branch named `NAME-LAB##`
- Write your code
- Commit often
- Push to your repository
- Create a pull request from your branch back your `master` branch.
- Submit a link to your PR in canvas
- Merge your PR back into master
- In Canvas, Include the actual time it took you to complete the assignment as a comment (**REQUIRED**)
- Include a `README.md` (contents described below)

## Directions

Solve 3 the following code challenge with recursion.

1. Reverse a String
2. write a method to generate a string of n asterisks. 
Then write a recursive function to generate triangles 
pointing different directions
(head, tail, middle)
3. Traverse a Linked List using recursion
4. Determine if a string is a palindrome

## Specs
TBD

## Tests
TBD

## README

**A Readme is a requirement. No Readme == No Grade.** <br />
Here are the requirements for a valid readme: <br />

A README is a module consumer's first -- and maybe only -- look into your creation. The consumer wants a module to fulfill their need, so you must explain exactly what need your module fills, and how effectively it does so.
<br />
Your job is to

1. tell them what it is (with context, provide a summary)
2. show them what it looks like in action (Visuals)
3. show them how they use it (Step by step directions, "Happy Path" walk through)
4. tell them any other relevant details
<br />

This is ***your*** job. It's up to the module creator to prove that their work is a shining gem in the sea of slipshod modules. Since so many developers' eyes will find their way to your README before anything else, quality here is your public-facing measure of your work.

<br /> Refer to the sample-README in the class repo `Resources` folder for an example. 
- [Reference](https://github.com/noffle/art-of-readme)


## Rubric
- 7pts: Program meets all requirements described in Lab directions.

	Points  | Reasoning | 
	 ------------ | :-----------: | 
	7       | Program runs as expected, no exceptions during execution |
	5       | Program meets all of the  functionality requirements described above (including tests) // Program runs/compiles, Program contains logic/process errors|
	4       | Program meets most of the functionality requirements described above (including tests)  // Program runs/compiles, but throws exceptions during execution |
	3       | Program missing most of the functionality requirements described above // Program runs/compiles |
	2       | Missing Readme document // Readme document does not meet standards // Missing actual time CANVAS note |
	0       | Program does not compile/run. Build Errors // Required naming conventions not met |
	0       | No Submission |

- 3pts: Code meets industry standards
	- These points are only awarded if you score at minimum a 5/7 on above criteria

	Points  | Reasoning | 
	 ------------ | :-----------: | 
	3       | Code meets Industry Standards // method and variable names are appropriate // Selective and iterative statements are used appropriately, Fundamentals are properly executed // Clearly and cleanly commented // Frequent Commits |
	2       | syntax for naming conventions are not correct (camelCasing and PascalCasing are used appropriately) // slight errors in use of fundamentals // Missing some comments // minimal or no commits |
	1       | Inappropriate naming conventions, and/or inappropriate use of fundamentals // Code is not commented  |
	0       | No Submission or incomplete submission |
