Labs/Day01/README.md, before:

![cf](http://i.imgur.com/7v5ASc8.png) Lab 1 : About Me Quiz
=====================================

## To Submit this Assignment
- fork this repository
- create a new branch named `lab01-`; + `<your name>` **e.g.** `lab01-amanda`
- write your code
- push to your repository
- submit a pull request to this repository
- submit a link to your PR in canvas
- Include a Readme.md (contents described below)

## Directions
- Create an "About Me" quiz in a console application with VS2017
- Your solution should include the following:
    - Main method
	- external methods- (at least 3 non-void return types)
	- 5 different questions
    - Track number of correct/incorrect questions 
      - Show the user the number of correct/incorrect to user after quiz is over
	- Exception Handling (try/catch/finally/throw)

## ReadMe
A README is a module consumer's first -- and maybe only -- look into your creation. The consumer wants a module to fulfill their need, so you must explain exactly what need your module fills, and how effectively it does so.
<br />
Your job is to

1. tell them what it is (with context)
2. show them what it looks like in action
3. show them how they use it
4. tell them any other relevant details
<br />

This is ***your*** job. It's up to the module creator to prove that their work is a shining gem in the sea of slipshod modules. Since so many developers' eyes will find their way to your README before anything else, quality here is your public-facing measure of your work.

<br /> <br /> Refer to the sample-README in the class repo for an example. 
- [Reference](https://github.com/noffle/art-of-readme)

## Rubric
- 7pts: Program meets all requirements described in Lab directions
- 3pts: Code meets industry standards
- **Readme.md required for submission. Missing readme document will result in a best score of 2/10**

Commit message:

Add Demo Code to Day 1 and 2 for prep

Labs/Day01/README.md, after:

![cf](http://i.imgur.com/7v5ASc8.png) Lab 1 : About Me Quiz
=====================================

## To Submit this Assignment
- fork this repository
- create a new branch named `lab01-`; + `<your name>` **e.g.** `lab01-amanda`
- write your code
- push to your repository
- submit a pull request to this repository
- submit a link to your PR in canvas
- Include a Readme.md (contents described below)

## Directions
- Create an "About Me" quiz in a console application with VS2017
- Your solution should include the following:
    - Main method
	- external methods- (at least 3 non-void return types)
	- 5 different questions
    - Track number of correct/incorrect questions 
      - Show the user the number of correct/incorrect to user after quiz is over
	- Exception Handling (try/catch/finally)
	- Are you able to incorprate a `throw` somehow? 

## ReadMe
Provide setup documentation 

- **Comment your code.**
- Provide a readme that includes clear directions on setting up this program.
- Questions to Consider: 
	1. What programs do I need installed?
	1. What are the step by step directions?
	1. How do I run the program?
	1. How do I know the program worked successfully?

## Rubric
- 7pts: Program meets all requirements described in Lab directions
- 3pts: Code meets industry standards
- **Readme.md required for submission. Missing readme document will result in a best score of 2/10**
