curriculum/class-42/facilitator/README.md, before:

# Facilitators Guide: Unity - Game Play

## Overview

Topic summary ...

### How does this topic fit?

**Where we've been**:
In the previous class ...

**What are we focusing on today**:
Today, we'll be doing ...

**Where we're headed**:
Next class will focus on ...

## Learning Objectives

Review the detailed objectives in today's [student-facing readme](../README.md).

> Our primary outcomes and goals for the day are ... (use this pull quote to call out any instructor facing notes/outcomes that need toe highlighted)

## Preparation

- Read up on ...
- Get ready for questions about
- Look at previous course student submissions for insight as to what you might see in code review.
- Practice [the demo](../demo/demo-name) on whatever.

## Lecture Outline

Below is the expected lecture outline and flow. One possible way to present this material is documented in the [example lecture](../LECTURE-NOTES.md) notes.

### Code Review

- Notes here

<!-- Keep this here "as is" for 201/301 only ... other courses can remove! this section) -->
### Shred Talk

- **Why**
  - Daily "Shred Talks" introduce the student to a new javascript coding concept, setting them up to complete the daily "Code Challenge" series
- **What**
  - Refer to the [challenge documentation](../challenges/README.md)
- **How** (10 min)
  - Follow the [Demo Code](../challenges/DEMO.md)
- **Note**
  - If you are short on time, this can be omitted from class lecture. There are official videos that students can watch in lieu of you leading this portion of class.

### TOPIC 1

- **Why** (5 min)
  - Thing
- **What** (10 min)
  - Thing
- **How** (30 min)
  - Thing
- **Experimentation and Discovery Ideas**
  - Thing

## Lab Notes

- Words

## What might students struggle with today?

- Words

## Past bugs, issues or surprises...

## General Comments and Notes

Commit message:

Added Unity Docs and Demo Notes for the instructor

curriculum/class-42/facilitator/README.md, after:

# Facilitators Guide: Unity - Game Play

## Overview

Now that we're past the basics, let's get into some of the nitty-gritty of game play and start dealing the complexities of making a world, environment, and a game that users will enjoy playing.

### How does this topic fit?

**Where we've been**:
In the previous class students got a very basic game created and were introduced to the Unity game development environment, the ecosystem, unity store, characters, sprites and other game dev tools.

**What are we focusing on today**:
Today, we'll be working on physics (gravity, momentum), movement, collisions and general game play. This should give them all of the basic tools to complete a working game with all user input and expectations handled

**Where we're headed**:
This completes instruction on Unity. Students will have 2 more complete lab sessions to complete their custom game.

## Learning Objectives

Review the detailed objectives in today's [student-facing readme](../README.md).

> Our primary outcomes and goals for the day are to get students comfortable with developing and considering quality game play, focusing on smooth movement, collisions, and user input/feedback.

## Preparation

- Practice the Unity Tutorial as noted in [the demo](./DEMO.md).
  - Multiple times!
- Be familiar with common mistakes the students are likely to make and how to recover from them.
- Be very familiar with basic physics (real world) and how the concepts translate into game play

## Lecture Outline

Below is the expected lecture outline and flow. One possible way to present this material is documented in the [example lecture](../LECTURE-NOTES.md) notes.

### Code Review

- Review student games in rapid succession
- Take notes on where folks stumbled
- Use those as points of emphasis as you build out the demo.

### TOPIC 1: Game Play

- **Why** (5 min)
  - If a game doesn't "feel" right, people will not play it
- **What** (10 min)
  - Characters need to move naturally.
  - Resistance to force, Jumping, Running into things ... all are critical elements.
  - Giving users feedback on those forces is also a key piece to great game play.
  - Realistic sprites and visuals can really sell a game.
- **How** (30 min)
  - Code out the rest of the Unity tutorial
- **Experimentation and Discovery Ideas**
  - Again, this is a great opportunity to show still shots of popular games.
  - What real world environmental concerns, physics, game play elements did the developers contend with?

## Lab Notes

- Today, students begin the 2nd phase of their game development
- Remind them that after this lab, they still have 2 more full lab sessions to work.
  - Assist/guide them in scoping and planning their work
  - Game design/dev, just like game play, isn't always linear

## What might students struggle with today?

- Feeling overwhelmed with the scope of their vision.
- Help them understand what a meaningful MVP is, both in the game itself, as well as their learning.

## Past bugs, issues or surprises...

## General Comments and Notes
