curriculum/class-08/README.md, before:

# Class 08: Collections & Enums

## Learning Objectives

1. The student will understand and implement their own enums into their programs and classes.
1. The student will be able to identify and implement their own generic collection.

## Lecture Outline

### Overview:

1. Review the coding challenge from the previous day, this will directly tie into today's lecture.
1. We will go over both generic and non-generic, but they will be implementing their own generic collection as their lab assignment.

### Enums

1. What are enums?
   - Enumeration types ("also called enums"), provide an efficient way to define a set of named integral constants that may be assigned to a variable.

   ```csharp
   enum Days
   {
      Sunday,
      Monday,
      Tuesday,
      Wednesday,
      Thursday,
      Friday,
      Saturday
   };

   enum Months : byte
   {
      Jan,
      Feb,
      Mar,
      Apr,
      May,
      Jun,
      Jul,
      Aug,
      Sep,
      Oct,
      Nov,
      Dec
   };
   ```

   - Count starts at 0, if you do not specify a value.
   - default type of enum is int, but you can specify alt with a :type (such as byte);

   ```csharp
    Days today = Days.Monday;
    int dayNumber =(int)today;
    Console.WriteLine("{0} is day number #{1}.", today, dayNumber);

    Months thisMonth = Months.Dec;
    byte monthNumber = (byte)thisMonth;
    Console.WriteLine("{0} is month number #{1}.", thisMonth, monthNumber);

    // Output:
    // Monday is day number #1.
    // Dec is month number #11.
   ```

    - You can create and set your custom values

    ```csharp
    enum MachineState
    {
        PowerOff = 0,
        Running = 5,
        Sleeping = 10,
        Hibernating = Sleeping + 5
    }
   ```

### Collections

There are two ways to create and manage a group of related objects

1. Create an array of objects
2. Creating a collection of objects

A collection is a class, so you must declare an instance of the class before you can add elements to that collection.

```csharp
 Library<string> secondLib = new Library<string>
 {
   "The Great Gatsby",
   "Where the Red Fern Grows",
   "Of Mice and Men"
 };
```

```csharp
    var princesses = new List<string>();
    princesses.Add("Snow White");
    princesses.Add("Cinderella");
    princesses.Add("Aurora");
    princesses.Add("Repunzel");
    princesses.Add("Ariel");
```

### Generics vs. Non-Generics

#### Generics

- List< T>
- Dictionary< T>
- SortedList< T>
- Queue< T>
- IEnumerable< T>
- IList< T>
- Collection< T>
- LinkedList< T>

#### Non-Generics

*are not really used much anymore*

- ArrayList
- HashTable
- SortedList
- Queue
- Stack
- IEnumerable
- ICollection

Commit message:

changes to the student facing READMEs

curriculum/class-08/README.md, after:

# Class 08: Collections & Enums

## Overview

<!-- A few sentences about the day -->

## Class Outline

- Review the coding challenge from the previous day, this will directly tie into today's lecture
- We will go over generic and non-generic, but they will be implementing their own generic collection as their lab assignment.

## Learning Objectives

### Students will be able to

#### Describe and Define

- Enum
- Generic Collection

#### Execute

- Implement their own enums into their programs and classes
- Implement their own generic collection.

## Notes

### Enums

- What are enums?
  - Enumeration types ("also called enums"), provide an efficient way to define a set of named integral constants that may be assigned to a variable.

   ```csharp
   enum Days
   {
      Sunday,
      Monday,
      Tuesday,
      Wednesday,
      Thursday,
      Friday,
      Saturday
   };

   enum Months : byte
   {
      Jan,
      Feb,
      Mar,
      Apr,
      May,
      Jun,
      Jul,
      Aug,
      Sep,
      Oct,
      Nov,
      Dec
   };
   ```

  - Count starts at 0, if you do not specify a value.
  - default type of enum is int, but you can specify alt with a :type (such as byte);

   ```csharp
    Days today = Days.Monday;
    int dayNumber =(int)today;
    Console.WriteLine("{0} is day number #{1}.", today, dayNumber);

    Months thisMonth = Months.Dec;
    byte monthNumber = (byte)thisMonth;
    Console.WriteLine("{0} is month number #{1}.", thisMonth, monthNumber);

    // Output:
    // Monday is day number #1.
    // Dec is month number #11.
   ```

  - You can create and set your custom values

    ```csharp
    enum MachineState
    {
        PowerOff = 0,
        Running = 5,
        Sleeping = 10,
        Hibernating = Sleeping + 5
    }
    ```

### Collections

There are two ways to create and manage a group of related objects

1. Create an array of objects
2. Creating a collection of objects

A collection is a class, so you must declare an instance of the class before you can add elements to that collection.

```csharp
 Library<string> secondLib = new Library<string>
 {
   "The Great Gatsby",
   "Where the Red Fern Grows",
   "Of Mice and Men"
 };
```

```csharp
    var princesses = new List<string>();
    princesses.Add("Snow White");
    princesses.Add("Cinderella");
    princesses.Add("Aurora");
    princesses.Add("Repunzel");
    princesses.Add("Ariel");
```

### Generics vs. Non-Generics

#### Generics

- List< T>
- Dictionary< T>
- SortedList< T>
- Queue< T>
- IEnumerable< T>
- IList< T>
- Collection< T>
- LinkedList< T>

#### Non-Generics

*are not really used much anymore*

- ArrayList
- HashTable
- SortedList
- Queue
- Stack
- IEnumerable
- ICollection
