Labs/Day05/README.md, before:

![cf](http://i.imgur.com/7v5ASc8.png) Lab 5 : Put It All Together
=====================================

## To Submit this Assignment
- fork this repository
- write all of your code in a directory named `lab-#`; + `<your name>` **e.g.** `lab05-amanda`
- push to your repository
- submit a pull request to this repository
- submit a link to your PR in canvas

## Directions

- Using a problem domain from your background, create your own object class model using all 4 OOPs principles. 
- Be sure to include a drawn out diagram showing the relationship between your classes
- Comment within your code where each OOPs principle is being used
- Create methods in each class, No logic code is required other than `Console.WriteLine` when nececsary.

## ReadMe
- Your readme should include the following information:
	- How long did it take you to complete this assignment?
	- What did you struggle with? Why? How did you solve?
	- What did you learn during this assignment?
    - What resources did you utilize for this assingment?

## Rubric
- 4pts: All 4 OOPs principles implemented
- 2pts: Diagram created and labeled to show relationships
- 1pts: Application runs without any errors
- 1pts: Readme included with answers to questions
- 1pts: Class structure is comprehensible
- 1pts: Comments within the code labeling OOPs locations

Commit message:

readme directions change. Lab 4 & 5 direction change

Labs/Day05/README.md, after:

![cf](http://i.imgur.com/7v5ASc8.png) Lab 5 : Put It All Together
=====================================

## To Submit this Assignment
- fork this repository
- create a new branch named `lab01-`; + `<your name>` **e.g.** `lab01-amanda`
- write your code
- push to your repository
- submit a pull request to this repository
- submit a link to your PR in canvas
- Include a Readme.md (contents described below)

## Directions
- Build out the class structure of Code Fellows.
	- Think about the different roles: Students & Staff
	- Different Tech Stacks (.NET, Python, JavaScript)
- Create a class model using all 4 OOPs principles. 
- Be sure to include a drawn out diagram showing the relationship between your classes
- Comment within your code where each OOPs principle is being used
- Create methods in each class, No logic code is required other than `Console.WriteLine` when nececsary.

## ReadMe
A README is a module consumer's first -- and maybe only -- look into your creation. The consumer wants a module to fulfill their need, so you must explain exactly what need your module fills, and how effectively it does so.
<br />
Your job is to
1. tell them what it is (with context)
2. show them what it looks like in action
3. show them how they use it
4. tell them any other relevant details
<br />

This is ***your*** job. It's up to the module creator to prove that their work is a shining gem in the sea of slipshod modules. 
Since so many developers' eyes will find their way to your README before anything else, quality here is your public-facing measure of your work.

<br /> Refer to the sample-README in the class repo for an example. 
- [Reference](https://github.com/noffle/art-of-readme)

## Rubric
- 7pts: Program meets all requirements described in Lab directions
- 3pts: Code meets industry standards

- **Readme.md required for submission. Missing readme document will result in a best score of 2/10**
