Curriculum/Class08/LAB.md, before:

![cf](http://i.imgur.com/7v5ASc8.png) Lab 8: LINQ in Manhatten
=====================================

## To Submit this Assignment
- Create a new repo on your personal GitHub account
- Name your repo `Lab##-TITLE`
- Create a branch named `NAME-LAB##`
- Write your code
- Commit often
- Push to your repository
- Create a pull request from your branch back your `master` branch.
- Submit a link to your PR in canvas
- Merge your PR back into master
- Include a `README.md` (contents described below)

## Directions
Provided is a JSON file that contains a data set of location information for properties in Manhattan.
- Read in the file and answer the questions below
- Use LINQ queries and Lambda statements (when appropriate) to find the answers. 
- Use a combination of both to answer the questions. 
- Each question and answer should be outputted to the console.

## Setup
- Add the data.json file to your solution root folder
- Explore the NuGet packages and install NewtonSoftJson
- Do some self research and find out how to read in JSON file (hint: JsonConvert.DeserializedOject is *part* of it)
- You will need to break up each section of the JSON file up into different classes, use your resources - ask the TA's if your stuck. (Maybe find a converter of some sort??)

#### Questions
Each query builds off of the next. 
1. Output all of the neighborhoods in this data list
2. Filter out all the neighborhoods that do not have any names
3. Remove the Duplicates
4. Rewrite the queries from above, and consolidate all into one single query.
5. Rewrite at least one of these questions only using the opposing method (example: Use LINQ instead of a Lambda and vice versa.)

## README

**A Readme is a requirement. No Readme == No Grade.** <br />
Here are the requirements for a valid readme: <br />

A README is a module consumer's first -- and maybe only -- look into your creation. The consumer wants a module to fulfill their need, so you must explain exactly what need your module fills, and how effectively it does so.
<br />
Your job is to

1. tell them what it is (with context, provide a summary)
2. show them what it looks like in action (Visuals)
3. show them how they use it (Step by step directions, "Happy Path" walk through)
4. tell them any other relevant details
<br />

This is ***your*** job. It's up to the module creator to prove that their work is a shining gem in the sea of slipshod modules. Since so many developers' eyes will find their way to your README before anything else, quality here is your public-facing measure of your work.

<br /> Refer to the sample-README in the class repo `Resources` folder for an example. 
- [Reference](https://github.com/noffle/art-of-readme){:target="_blank"} 


## Rubric
- 7pts: Program meets all requirements described in Lab directions.

	Points  | Reasoning | 
	 ------------ | :-----------: | 
	7       | Program runs as expected, no exceptions during execution |
	5       | Program meets all of the  functionality requirements described above (including tests) // Program runs/compiles, Program contains logic/process errors|
	4       | Program meets most of the functionality requirements described above (including tests)  // Program runs/compiles, but throws exceptions during execution |
	3       | Program missing most of the functionality requirements described above // Program runs/compiles |
	2       | Missing Readme Document // Readme Document does not meet standards |
	0       | Program does not compile/run. Build Errors // Required naming conventions not met |
	0       | No Submission |

- 3pts: Code meets industry standards
	- These points are only awardable if you score at minimum a 5/7 on above criteria

	Points  | Reasoning | 
	 ------------ | :-----------: | 
	3       | Code meets Industry Standards // method and variable names are appropriate // Selective and iterative statements are used appropriately, Fundamentals are properly executed // Clearly and cleanly commented // Frequent Commits |
	2       | syntax for naming conventions are not correct (camelCasing and PascalCasing are used appropriately) // slight errors in use of fundamentals // Missing some comments // minimal or no commits |
	1       | Inappropriate naming conventions, and/or inappropriate use of fundamentals // Code is not commented  |
	0       | No Submission or incomplete submission |

Commit message:

add actual time in submission requirements

Curriculum/Class08/LAB.md, after:

![cf](http://i.imgur.com/7v5ASc8.png) Lab 8: LINQ in Manhatten
=====================================

## To Submit this Assignment
- Create a new repo on your personal GitHub account
- Name your repo `Lab##-TITLE`
- Create a branch named `NAME-LAB##`
- Write your code
- Commit often
- Push to your repository
- Create a pull request from your branch back your `master` branch.
- Submit a link to your PR in canvas
- Merge your PR back into master
- In Canvas, Include the actual time it took you to complete the assignment as a comment (**REQUIRED**)
- Include a `README.md` (contents described below)

## Directions
Provided is a JSON file that contains a data set of location information for properties in Manhattan.
- Read in the file and answer the questions below
- Use LINQ queries and Lambda statements (when appropriate) to find the answers. 
- Use a combination of both to answer the questions. 
- Each question and answer should be outputted to the console.

## Setup
- Add the data.json file to your solution root folder
- Explore the NuGet packages and install NewtonSoftJson
- Do some self research and find out how to read in JSON file (hint: JsonConvert.DeserializedOject is *part* of it)
- You will need to break up each section of the JSON file up into different classes, use your resources - ask the TA's if your stuck. (Maybe find a converter of some sort??)

#### Questions
Each query builds off of the next. 
1. Output all of the neighborhoods in this data list
2. Filter out all the neighborhoods that do not have any names
3. Remove the Duplicates
4. Rewrite the queries from above, and consolidate all into one single query.
5. Rewrite at least one of these questions only using the opposing method (example: Use LINQ instead of a Lambda and vice versa.)

## README

**A Readme is a requirement. No Readme == No Grade.** <br />
Here are the requirements for a valid readme: <br />

A README is a module consumer's first -- and maybe only -- look into your creation. The consumer wants a module to fulfill their need, so you must explain exactly what need your module fills, and how effectively it does so.
<br />
Your job is to

1. tell them what it is (with context, provide a summary)
2. show them what it looks like in action (Visuals)
3. show them how they use it (Step by step directions, "Happy Path" walk through)
4. tell them any other relevant details
<br />

This is ***your*** job. It's up to the module creator to prove that their work is a shining gem in the sea of slipshod modules. Since so many developers' eyes will find their way to your README before anything else, quality here is your public-facing measure of your work.

<br /> Refer to the sample-README in the class repo `Resources` folder for an example. 
- [Reference](https://github.com/noffle/art-of-readme){:target="_blank"} 


## Rubric
- 7pts: Program meets all requirements described in Lab directions.

	Points  | Reasoning | 
	 ------------ | :-----------: | 
	7       | Program runs as expected, no exceptions during execution |
	5       | Program meets all of the  functionality requirements described above (including tests) // Program runs/compiles, Program contains logic/process errors|
	4       | Program meets most of the functionality requirements described above (including tests)  // Program runs/compiles, but throws exceptions during execution |
	3       | Program missing most of the functionality requirements described above // Program runs/compiles |
	2       | Missing Readme document // Readme document does not meet standards // Missing actual time CANVAS note |
	0       | Program does not compile/run. Build Errors // Required naming conventions not met |
	0       | No Submission |

- 3pts: Code meets industry standards
	- These points are only awardable if you score at minimum a 5/7 on above criteria

	Points  | Reasoning | 
	 ------------ | :-----------: | 
	3       | Code meets Industry Standards // method and variable names are appropriate // Selective and iterative statements are used appropriately, Fundamentals are properly executed // Clearly and cleanly commented // Frequent Commits |
	2       | syntax for naming conventions are not correct (camelCasing and PascalCasing are used appropriately) // slight errors in use of fundamentals // Missing some comments // minimal or no commits |
	1       | Inappropriate naming conventions, and/or inappropriate use of fundamentals // Code is not commented  |
	0       | No Submission or incomplete submission |
