Labs/Day02/Readme.md, before:

![cf](http://i.imgur.com/7v5ASc8.png) Lab 2 : About Me Quiz w/ Exception Handling
=====================================

## To Submit this Assignment
- fork this repository
- write all of your code in a directory named `lab-`; + `<your name>` **e.g.** `lab-amanda`
- push to your repository
- submit a pull request to this repository
- submit a link to your PR in canvas

## Directions
- Using your lab from Day One
	- Modify it so it includes exception handling
      - Try
      - catch (at least 1)
      - finally
      - throw
      - custom error message
      - input validation
    - Modify your code from day one
      - Is there anything you want to change to improve your code?

## ReadMe
- Your readme should include the following information:
	- How long did it take you to complete this assignment?
	- What did you struggle with? Why? How did you solve?
	- What did you learn during this assignment?
    - What code changes did you make? Why?
    - What resources did you utilize for this assingment?

## Rubric
- 3pts: Application runs without any errors
- 2pts: Try/Catch/Finally implementation
- 2pts: Input validation
- 2pt: Throw and custom error message
- 1pt: Readme included with answers to questions

Commit message:

More Lab Assignments & Lecture Notes

Labs/Day02/Readme.md, after:

# ![cf](http://i.imgur.com/7v5ASc8.png) Lab 2 
## About Me Quiz w/ Exception Handling


### Directions
- Using your lab from Day One
	- Modify it so it includes exception handling
      - Try
      - catch (at least 1)
      - finally
      - throw
      - custom error message
      - input validation
    - Modify your code from day one
      - Is there anything you want to change to improve your code?

### To Submit this Assignment
- fork this repository
- write all of your code in a directory named `lab#-`; + `<your name>` **e.g.** `lab02-amanda`
- push to your repository
- submit a pull request to this repository
- submit a link to your PR in canvas

## ReadMe
- Your readme should include the following information:
	- How long did it take you to complete this assignment?
	- What did you struggle with? Why? How did you solve?
	- What did you learn during this assignment?
    - What code changes did you make? Why?
    - What resources did you utilize for this assingment?

### Rubric
- 3pts: Application runs without any errors
- 2pts: Try/Catch/Finally implementation
- 2pts: Input validation
- 2pt: Throw and custom error message
- 1pt: Readme included with answers to questions

# Code Challenge 02
Implement your your string reversal method

- Create a new repository called `data-structures` 
  - add a folder and label it `strings`
  - add the code on a branch from this challenge into this repo
  - Describe your approach in the strings folder readme document
  - Spend no more than 90 minutes on this challenge
  - Submit a link to your repo PR in canvas
