curriculum/class-03/README.md, before:

# Class 03: File Manipulation / System.IO

## Learning Objectives

1. The student will be introduced and implement the FileStream.
1. The student will know how to Create, Read, Update, and Delete file using the FileStream.
1. The student will know how to properly open and close a file from an external location.

## Lecture Outline

### System IO Library

- What is it?
- Why do we use it?

#### Writing a file

```csharp
string myInfo = "I want to write all of this to a file";
File.WriteAllText("/path/to/file.txt", myInfo);
```

```csharp
string[] myArray = new string[2];
myArray[0] = "My first line of information";
myArray[1] = "My second line of information";

File.WriteAllText("/path/to/file.txt",myArray);
```

#### Reading a file

 ```csharp
string[] myFile = File.ReadAllLines("/path/to/file.txt");
```

```csharp
string myFile = File.ReadAllText("/path/to/file.txt");
```

#### Creating a file

(Check out the demo. There are 2 different ways to achieve this!)

#### Deleting a file

To delete a file, just tell the library to delete the location by inputting the path.

```csharp
File.Delete(path);
```

## File Stream

- What is a stream?
  1. StreamReader
  1. StreamWriter

## File Types

- CSV
- Text
- Binary

Commit message:

changes to the student facing READMEs

curriculum/class-03/README.md, after:

# Class 03: File Manipulation / System.IO

## Overview

<!-- A few sentences about the day -->

## Class Outline

<!-- Additional Items To Be Added By Instructor -->

## Learning Objectives

### Students will be able to

#### Describe and Define

- What is System IO Library and why we use it
- Define what these file types are: CSV, Text, Binary
- SteamReader
- SteamWriter

#### Execute

- Implement the FileStream
- Create, Read, Update and Delete file using FileStream
- Open and Close a file from an external location

## Notes

### System IO Library

#### Writing a file

```csharp
string myInfo = "I want to write all of this to a file";
File.WriteAllText("/path/to/file.txt", myInfo);
```

```csharp
string[] myArray = new string[2];
myArray[0] = "My first line of information";
myArray[1] = "My second line of information";

File.WriteAllText("/path/to/file.txt",myArray);
```

#### Reading a file

 ```csharp
string[] myFile = File.ReadAllLines("/path/to/file.txt");
```

```csharp
string myFile = File.ReadAllText("/path/to/file.txt");
```

#### Creating a file

(Check out the demo. There are 2 different ways to achieve this!)

#### Deleting a file

To delete a file, just tell the library to delete the location by inputting the path.

```csharp
File.Delete(path);
```
