Resources/ReadMe_Templates/ConsoleAppREADME.md, before:

# ***Console Application README Example***
------------------------------

# About Me Quiz
#### Lab01-Exception-Handling
##### *Author: Harry Potter*
------------------------------
## Description
This is a C# console application that will ask a user several questions about me, the
developer. There are multiple question types ranging from inputting a number to True or False.
At the end of the game the user receives their total score.
------------------------------
## Getting Started
Clone this repository to your local machine.
```
$ git clone [repo clone url here]
```
#### To run the program from Visual Studio:
Select ```File``` -> ```Open``` -> ```Project/Solution```

Next navigate to the location you cloned the Repository.

Double click on the ```Lab01-About-Me``` directory.

Then select and open ```AboutMe.sln```

------------------------------
## Visuals
##### Application Start
![Image 1](https://via.placeholder.com/750x500)
##### Using the Application
![Image 1](https://via.placeholder.com/750x500)
##### Application End
![Image 1](https://via.placeholder.com/750x500)

------------------------------
## Change Log
1.1: *Added a Try/Catch/Finally for Question 2* - 5 Nov 2010

------------------------------
For more information on Markdown: https://www.markdownguide.org/cheat-sheet

Commit message:

made changes that were requested. Added more information about descriptions in all three readmes, fixed spacing error in console app readme, added more mock version changes on all three readmes.

Resources/ReadMe_Templates/ConsoleAppREADME.md, after:

# ***Console Application README Example***
------------------------------

# About Me Quiz
#### Lab01-Exception-Handling
##### *Author: Harry Potter*

------------------------------

## Description
***[Tell me about your application, should be about a paragraph]***
This is a C# console application that will ask a user several questions about me, the
developer. There are multiple question types ranging from inputting a number to True or False.
At the end of the game the user receives their total score.

------------------------------

## Getting Started
Clone this repository to your local machine.
```
$ git clone [repo clone url here]
```
#### To run the program from Visual Studio:
Select ```File``` -> ```Open``` -> ```Project/Solution```

Next navigate to the location you cloned the Repository.

Double click on the ```Lab01-About-Me``` directory.

Then select and open ```AboutMe.sln```

------------------------------

## Visuals
***[Add screenshots of your application in action]***

##### Application Start
![Image 1](https://via.placeholder.com/750x500)
##### Using the Application
![Image 1](https://via.placeholder.com/750x500)
##### Application End
![Image 1](https://via.placeholder.com/750x500)

------------------------------

## Change Log
***[The change log will list any changes made to the code base. This includes any changes from TA/Instructor feedback]***
1.3: *Added summary comments to the methods* - 8 Nov 2010
1.2: *Changed variable names to follow proper convention* - 6 Nov 2010
1.1: *Added a Try/Catch/Finally for Question 2* - 5 Nov 2010


------------------------------
For more information on Markdown: https://www.markdownguide.org/cheat-sheet
