Resources/ReadMe_Templates/ProjectREADME.md, before:

# ***Project README Example***
---------------------------------
---------------------------------

# Project A.M.A.N.D.A.
---------------------------------
## We are deployed on Azure!

[project url here]

---------------------------------
## Web Application

The web application consists of a frontend written in Razor views, HTML, CSS,
Bootstrap, Popper, and jQuery. The backend was written in C# using ASP.NET Core 2, Entity Framework Core, and the MVC framework.

An interface is provided to create new blog
posts, view existing blog posts, edit existing blog posts, delete existing
blog posts, and search by both keywords and usernames. All blog posts can be
enriched using Azure Language Services (part of Microsoft's Cognitive Services
suite), Bing Image API, and Parallel Dots (for automated tagging of posts via
key phrases detected within the post's body). Image enrichments can be added
based on the overall sentiment score (a range 0.0 - 1.0 related to the mood
of the post) and key phrases / keywords detected in the posts. Optionally, users
can choose to opt-out of these features for privacy or data collection concerns.

---------------------------------

## Tools Used
Microsoft Visual Studio Community 2017 (Version 15.5.7)

- C#
- ASP.Net Core
- Entity Framework
- MVC
- xUnit
- Bootstrap
- Azure
- Parallel Dots API

---------------------------------

## Recent Updates

#### V 1.2
Fixed bug where pages would not load due to temp data.

---------------------------

## Getting Started

Clone this repository to your local machine.
```
$ git clone https://github.com/ProjectAMANDA/AmandaFE.git
```
Once downloaded, you can either use the dotnet CLI utilities or Visual Studio 2017 (or greater) to build the web application. The solution file is located in the AmandaFE subdirectory at the root of the repository.
```
cd AmandaFE/AmandaFE
dotnet build
```
The dotnet tools will automatically restore any NuGet dependencies. Before running the application, the provided code-first migration will need to be applied to the SQL server of your choice configured in the /AmandaFE/AmandaFE/appsettings.json file. This requires the Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Tools NuGet package and can be run from the NuGet Package Manager Console:
```
Update-Database
```
Once the database has been created, the application can be run. Options for running and debugging the application using IIS Express or Kestrel are provided within Visual Studio. From the command line, the following will start an instance of the Kestrel server to host the application:
```
cd AmandaFE/AmandaFE
dotnet run
```
Unit testing is included in the AmandaFE/FrontendTesting project using the xUnit test framework. Tests have been provided for models, view models, controllers, and utility classes for the application.

---------------------------------

## Usage

### Overview of Recent Posts
![Overview of Recent Posts](https://via.placeholder.com/500x250)

### Creating a Post
![Post Creation](https://via.placeholder.com/500x250)

### Enriching a Post
![Enriching Post](https://via.placeholder.com/500x250)

### Viewing Post Details
![Details of Post](https://via.placeholder.com/500x250)

---------------------------
## Data Flow (Frontend, Backend, REST API)

![Data Flow Diagram](/assets/img/Flowchart.png)

---------------------------
## Data Model

### Overall Project Schema

![Database Schema](/assets/img/ERD.png)

---------------------------
### Blog

| Parameter | Type | Required |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ID  | int | YES |
| Summary | string | YES |
| Content | string | YES |
| Tags | string(s) | NO |
| Picture | img jpeg/png | NO |
| Sentiment | float | NO |
| Keywords | string(s) | NO |
| Related Posts | links | NO |
| Date | date/time object | YES |


### User

| Parameter | Type | Required |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ID  | int | YES |
| Name/Author | string | YES |
| Posts | list | YES |

---------------------------

## Change Log
V 1.2 - Fixed bug where pages would not load due to temp data.
V 1.1 - Added ability for user to change photos on a post.

Commit message:

made changes that were requested. Added more information about descriptions in all three readmes, fixed spacing error in console app readme, added more mock version changes on all three readmes.

Resources/ReadMe_Templates/ProjectREADME.md, after:

# ***Project README Example***
---------------------------------
---------------------------------

# Project A.M.A.N.D.A.
---------------------------------
## We are deployed on Azure!

[project url here]

---------------------------------
## Web Application
***[Explain your app, should be at least a paragraph. What does it do? Why should I use? Sell your product!]***

The web application consists of a frontend written in Razor views, HTML, CSS,
Bootstrap, Popper, and jQuery. The backend was written in C# using ASP.NET Core 2, Entity Framework Core, and the MVC framework.

An interface is provided to create new blog
posts, view existing blog posts, edit existing blog posts, delete existing
blog posts, and search by both keywords and usernames. All blog posts can be
enriched using Azure Language Services (part of Microsoft's Cognitive Services
suite), Bing Image API, and Parallel Dots (for automated tagging of posts via
key phrases detected within the post's body). Image enrichments can be added
based on the overall sentiment score (a range 0.0 - 1.0 related to the mood
of the post) and key phrases / keywords detected in the posts. Optionally, users
can choose to opt-out of these features for privacy or data collection concerns.

---------------------------------

## Tools Used
Microsoft Visual Studio Community 2017 (Version 15.5.7)

- C#
- ASP.Net Core
- Entity Framework
- MVC
- xUnit
- Bootstrap
- Azure
- Parallel Dots API

---------------------------------

## Recent Updates

#### V 1.4
*Added OAuth for MySpace* - 23 Jan 2003

---------------------------

## Getting Started

Clone this repository to your local machine.
```
$ git clone https://github.com/YourRepo/YourProject.git
```
Once downloaded, you can either use the dotnet CLI utilities or Visual Studio 2017 (or greater) to build the web application. The solution file is located in the AmandaFE subdirectory at the root of the repository.
```
cd YourRepo/YourProject
dotnet build
```
The dotnet tools will automatically restore any NuGet dependencies. Before running the application, the provided code-first migration will need to be applied to the SQL server of your choice configured in the /AmandaFE/AmandaFE/appsettings.json file. This requires the Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Tools NuGet package and can be run from the NuGet Package Manager Console:
```
Update-Database
```
Once the database has been created, the application can be run. Options for running and debugging the application using IIS Express or Kestrel are provided within Visual Studio. From the command line, the following will start an instance of the Kestrel server to host the application:
```
cd YourRepo/YourProject
dotnet run
```
Unit testing is included in the AmandaFE/FrontendTesting project using the xUnit test framework. Tests have been provided for models, view models, controllers, and utility classes for the application.

---------------------------------

## Usage
***[Provide some images of your app with brief description as title]***

### Overview of Recent Posts
![Overview of Recent Posts](https://via.placeholder.com/500x250)

### Creating a Post
![Post Creation](https://via.placeholder.com/500x250)

### Enriching a Post
![Enriching Post](https://via.placeholder.com/500x250)

### Viewing Post Details
![Details of Post](https://via.placeholder.com/500x250)

---------------------------
## Data Flow (Frontend, Backend, REST API)
***[Add a clean and clear explanation of what the data flow is. Walk me through it.]***
![Data Flow Diagram](/assets/img/Flowchart.png)

---------------------------
## Data Model

### Overall Project Schema
***[Add a description of your DB schema. Explain the relationships to me.]***
![Database Schema](/assets/img/ERD.png)

---------------------------
## Model Properties and Requirements

### Blog

| Parameter | Type | Required |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ID  | int | YES |
| Summary | string | YES |
| Content | string | YES |
| Tags | string(s) | NO |
| Picture | img jpeg/png | NO |
| Sentiment | float | NO |
| Keywords | string(s) | NO |
| Related Posts | links | NO |
| Date | date/time object | YES |


### User

| Parameter | Type | Required |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ID  | int | YES |
| Name/Author | string | YES |
| Posts | list | YES |

---------------------------

## Change Log
***[The change log will list any changes made to the code base. This includes any changes from TA/Instructor feedback]***
1.4: *Added OAuth for MySpace* - 23 Jan 2003
1.3: *Changed email handler to Alta Vista, fixed issue with styling on Netscape Navigator browser.* - 21 Dec 1999
1.2: *Fixed bug where pages would not load due to temp data* - 16 Jun 1998
1.1: *Added ability for user to change photos on a post* - 12 May 1998

------------------------------

## Authors
Albus Dumbbledore
Igor Karkaroff
Minerva McGonagall
Leta Lestrange
Gellert Grindelwald

------------------------------

For more information on Markdown: https://www.markdownguide.org/cheat-sheet
