Curriculum/Class05/FACILITATOR.md, before:

# Class 05

## How do I prep for today?
Review the OOP Principles more in depth:
1. Inheritance 
2. Abstraction
3. Polymorphism
4. Encapsulation

Included in the DemoCode is an example of a diagram that you can draw with the class as you 
go over the OOP prinicples. There is also the codebase when converting the diagram to Visual Studio. 

### Code Implementation
Introduce Linked Lists. Describe/draw out their functionality and usage. 

## What changed from yesterday? 
N/A

## What might students struggle with today? 
- The actual reasoning and implemenation behind the OOP principles usually go prettty smoothly. I have found 
breaking it down by each principle and showing how it looks in both the diagram and the VS code helps concrete the idea/concept.

## What bugs, issues, or surprises have come up in the past for this class?
- n/a

## General comments
This is a pretty fun day, and a great opporutnity for the students to engage. I usually encourage class participation
during thid day as we "build out" our parties.

Commit message:

Add Templates and Implementation for Linked List

Curriculum/Class05/FACILITATOR.md, after:

# Class 05

## How do I prep for today?
Review the OOP Principles more in depth:
1. Inheritance 
2. Abstraction
3. Polymorphism
4. Encapsulation

Included in the DemoCode is an example of a diagram that you can draw with the class as you 
go over the OOP prinicples. There is also the codebase when converting the diagram to Visual Studio. 


### Code Implementation
Introduce Linked Lists. Describe/draw out their functionality and usage. 

Refer to Implementation.md for weekend student assignment

## What changed from yesterday? 
N/A

## What might students struggle with today? 
- The actual reasoning and implemenation behind the OOP principles usually go prettty smoothly. I have found 
breaking it down by each principle and showing how it looks in both the diagram and the VS code helps concrete the idea/concept.

## What bugs, issues, or surprises have come up in the past for this class?
- n/a

## General comments
This is a pretty fun day, and a great opporutnity for the students to engage. I usually encourage class participation
during thid day as we "build out" our parties.
