Curriculum/Class05/Lab.md, before:

![cf](http://i.imgur.com/7v5ASc8.png) Lab 5 : I Built A Zoo!
=====================================

## To Submit this Assignment
- fork this repository
- create a new branch named `lab05-`; + `<your name>` **e.g.** `lab05-amanda`
- write your code
- push to your repository
- submit a pull request to this repository
- submit a link to your PR in canvas
- Include a Readme.md (contents described below)

## Directions
- This is part 1 of a 2 part assignment. 
- Using all 4 of the Object Oriented Principles (OOPs): 
		- Build out the hierarchical class structure of a zoo within Visual Studio and a digital diagram. 
		- There should be at least 3 layers of inheritance with at least 6 different types of animals. 
	- Prove that the OOP principles are being used by returning strings as neccesary to prove that a 
	methods were propertly implemented or inherited.
		- Examples include: `Eat()` `Sleep()` `Sound()` etc... 
		- You are allowed to use these example methods, along with others not listed
	- Include the following labels:
		1. Label the parent and derived classes
		2. Label the abstract classes and concrete classes
		3. Label the access modifiers for each of the classes
		4. Label where you are using Polymorphism in your program. Where are the virtual and abstract methods defined, and where are they being overridden?
- Your program class should instantiate each of the concrete animals to prove the functionality. 


## Program Specifications
- Have at least 3 different abstract classes
- Have at least 3 layers of inheritance
- Have at least 6 concrete animals
- Have at least 2 abstract methods (make sure you override them)
- Have at least 2 abstract Properties (make sure you override them)
- Have at least 2 virtual methods (make sure you override them)
- Have at least 2 virtual properties (make sure you override them)

- Your (digital) drawing of your zoo diagram should be clearly labeled


## Example
Please refer to the included diagram and code base as an example of the expectation. 

## Test
Refer to Part 2 (Day 6) for required tests

## ReadMe
**A Readme is a requirement. No Readme == No Grade.** <br />
Here are the requirements for a valid readme: <br />

Your readme is ***extremely important*** in this lab because it will be a guide for us to know 
exactly what you did where and how. Define for me, in your readme, the following:
1. An introduction to the project
1. Your digital drawing of your zoo
1. Create your own technical documentation. Breakdown and define each of the OOP principles in your own words.
1. Provide under each OOP definition a couple (you do not have to define all) of examples of how you 
are applying this into your project


## Rubric
- 7pts: Program meets all requirements described in Lab directions.

	Points  | Reasoning | 
	 ------------ | :-----------: | 
	7       | Program runs as expected, no exceptions during execution |
	5       | Program meets all of the  functionality requirements described above (including tests) // Program runs/compiles, Program contains logic/process errors|
	4       | Program meets most of the functionality requirements descibed above (including tests)  // Program runs/compiles, but throws exceptions during execution |
	3       | Program missing most of the functionality requirements descibed above // Program runs/compiles |
	2       | Missing Readme Document // Readme Document does not meet standards |
	0       | Program does not compile/run. Build Errors // Required naming conventions not met |
	0       | No Submission |

- 3pts: Code meets industry standards
	- These points are only awardable if you score at minimum a 5/7 on above criteria

	Points  | Reasoning | 
	 ------------ | :-----------: | 
	3       | Code meets Industry Standards // methods and variables namings are appropriate // Selective and iterative statements are used appropriately, Fundamentals are propertly executed // Clearly and cleanly commented |
	2       | syntax for naming conventions are not correct (camelCasing and PascalCasing are used appropriately) // slight errors in use of fundamentals // Missing some comments |
	1       | Inappropriate naming conventions, and/or inappropriate use of fundamentals // Code is not commented  |
	0       | No Submission or incomplete submission |

Commit message:

add rubric and readme req to 1st half

Curriculum/Class05/Lab.md, after:

![cf](http://i.imgur.com/7v5ASc8.png) Lab 5 : I Built A Zoo!
=====================================

## To Submit this Assignment
- fork this repository
- create a new branch named `lab05-`; + `<your name>` **e.g.** `lab05-amanda`
- write your code
- push to your repository
- submit a pull request to this repository
- submit a link to your PR in canvas
- Include a Readme.md (contents described below)

## Directions
- This is part 1 of a 2 part assignment. 
- Using all 4 of the Object Oriented Principles (OOPs): 
		- Build out the hierarchical class structure of a zoo within Visual Studio and a digital diagram. 
		- There should be at least 3 layers of inheritance with at least 6 different types of animals. 
	- Prove that the OOP principles are being used by returning strings as neccesary to prove that a 
	methods were propertly implemented or inherited.
		- Examples include: `Eat()` `Sleep()` `Sound()` etc... 
		- You are allowed to use these example methods, along with others not listed
	- Include the following labels:
		1. Label the parent and derived classes
		2. Label the abstract classes and concrete classes
		3. Label the access modifiers for each of the classes
		4. Label where you are using Polymorphism in your program. Where are the virtual and abstract methods defined, and where are they being overridden?
- Your program class should instantiate each of the concrete animals to prove the functionality. 


## Program Specifications
- Have at least 3 different abstract classes
- Have at least 3 layers of inheritance
- Have at least 6 concrete animals
- Have at least 2 abstract methods (make sure you override them)
- Have at least 2 abstract Properties (make sure you override them)
- Have at least 2 virtual methods (make sure you override them)
- Have at least 2 virtual properties (make sure you override them)

- Your (digital) drawing of your zoo diagram should be clearly labeled
<br />
*NOTE*: You are not required to be scientifically correct with your animal names. You will not be fact checked.
You do not need to label your animals anything more complicated than (Mammel, Reptile, Cat, Bird, etc....)


## Example
Please refer to the included diagram and code base as an example of the expectation. 

## Test
Refer to Part 2 (Day 6) for required tests

## ReadMe
**A Readme is a requirement. No Readme == No Grade.** <br />
Here are the requirements for a valid readme: <br />

Your readme is ***extremely important*** in this lab because it will be a guide for us to know 
exactly what you did where and how. Define for me, in your readme, the following:
1. An introduction to the project
1. Your digital drawing of your zoo
1. Create your own technical documentation. Breakdown and define each of the OOP principles in your own words.
1. Provide under each OOP definition a couple (you do not have to define all) of examples of how you 
are applying this into your project
