Curriculum/Class14/Lab.md, before:

![cf](http://i.imgur.com/7v5ASc8.png) Lab 14: Entity Framework & Seeding
=====================================

## To Submit this Assignment
- Create a new branch named `NAME-LAB14` in your `AsyncInn` repo
- Write your code
- Commit often
- Push to your repository
- Create a pull request from your branch back your `master` branch.
- Submit a link to your PR in canvas
- Merge your PR back into master
- In Canvas, Include the actual time it took you to complete the assignment as a comment (**REQUIRED**)
- Include a `README.md` (contents described below)


## The Problem Domain
To continue with your AsyncInn Hotel Management System, you need to seed hotel data to display in your application. 
For Today's branch, focus on working within the existing code base that was scaffolded out (If you chose to scaffold). Practice learning and understanding a code base that you didn't write, but need to make modifications too.

## Application Specifications
1. Add data annotations to your existing models to validate basic user input fields as appropriate.
2. Seed your database with at least 
	- 5 default Hotel Locations
	- 6 Room Types
	- 5 Amenities. 
3. *Do not* make any seeded associations with `HotelRoom` or `RoomAmenities`.
4. Update the dropdown lists to include the `Layout` enum, and associations between the `Room` and `Hotel`, as well as the `Room` and `Amenities`. Be sure to display user friendly information in your views (example: display string names instead of ids).
5. Based off of the readings from day 14, either utilize bootstrap (download it into your project from NuGet), or remove all bootstrap specific classes in your HTML. (clean it up!)
6. Add your own styling to the Hotel creation page, Room Creation Page, and Amenities creation page.
7. On the Home Page, create a navigation to the "Create Hotel" page, "Create Room" page, "Create Amenity" page, as well as pages for the "HotelRoom" association and "RoomAmenity" association. Each of these pages (excluding HotelRoom and Room Amenity (see below)) should allow the user to edit/remove existing data. All pages should allow to view the data. 


## Guidance
- There is no extra guidance for this assignment.


## Unit Tests
- There are no Unit Tests required for this assignment. 
- I **strongly** encourage you to research how to write tests for a .NET Core MVC application. A good place to start would be to test setting properties on your models. 


## Stretch Goals
These goals will be required in an upcoming lab, but feel free to start a bit "early":
1. Update/Edit your `RoomAmentities` page to not allow edits. 
	- You should only have the option to create associations, and delete associations.
	- If you scaffolded the controller, this will require the removal of the actions and view pages from the scaffold code, as well as existing links. 
2. Leverage the use TagHelpers and View Models to identify the correct association to remove.
3. Modify the existing code to edit a `HotelRoom`.
	 - Allow a user to edit a `HotelRoom` combination. 
	 - Remember that a Hotel cannot have more than one of the same RoomNumber. Be sure to either implement error handling or some other way to prevent the user from doing so. 
	 - View Models and TagHelpers will be required to send the data back and forth from the server

## Additional Resources
- There are no additional resources provided for this assignment.


## README

**A README is a requirement. No README == No Grade.** <br /> 
Here are the requirements for a valid README: <br />


A README is a module consumer's first -- and maybe only -- look into your creation. The consumer wants a module to fulfill their need, so you must explain exactly what need your module fills, and how effectively it does so.
<br />
Your job is to

1. tell them what it is (with context, provide a summary)
2. show them what it looks like in action (Visuals)
3. show them how they use it (Step by step directions, "Happy Path" walk through)
4. tell them any other relevant details
<br />

This is ***your*** job. It's up to the module creator to prove that their work is a shining gem in the sea of slipshod modules. Since so many developers' eyes will find their way to your README before anything else, quality here is your public-facing measure of your work.

<br /> Refer to the sample-README in the class repo `Resources` folder for an example. 
- [sample-README](https://github.com/noffle/art-of-readme)

## Rubric
- 7pts: Program meets all requirements described in Lab directions.

	Points  | Reasoning | 
	 ------------ | :-----------: | 
	7       | Program runs as expected, no exceptions during execution |
	5       | Program meets all of the  functionality requirements described above (including tests) // Program runs/compiles, Program contains logic/process errors|
	4       | Program meets most of the functionality requirements described above (including tests)  // Program runs/compiles, but throws exceptions during execution |
	3       | Program missing most of the functionality requirements described above // Program runs/compiles |
	2       | README Document does not meet minimum standards |
	0       | Program does not compile/run. Build Errors // Required naming conventions not met |
	0       | No Submission |

- 3pts: Code meets industry standards
	- These points are only awardable if you score at minimum a 5/7 on above criteria

	Points  | Reasoning | 
	 ------------ | :-----------: | 
	3       | Code meets Industry Standards // methods and variables namings are appropriate // Selective and iterative statements are used appropriately, Fundamentals are properly executed // Clearly and cleanly commented |
	2       | syntax for naming conventions are not correct (camelCasing and PascalCasing are used appropriately) // slight errors in use of fundamentals // Missing some comments |
	1       | Inappropriate naming conventions, and/or inappropriate use of fundamentals // Code is not commented  |
	0       | No Submission or incomplete submission |

Commit message:

added testing research link to labs for classes 13 and 14

Curriculum/Class14/Lab.md, after:

![cf](http://i.imgur.com/7v5ASc8.png) Lab 14: Entity Framework & Seeding
=====================================

## To Submit this Assignment
- Create a new branch named `NAME-LAB14` in your `AsyncInn` repo
- Write your code
- Commit often
- Push to your repository
- Create a pull request from your branch back your `master` branch.
- Submit a link to your PR in canvas
- Merge your PR back into master
- In Canvas, Include the actual time it took you to complete the assignment as a comment (**REQUIRED**)
- Include a `README.md` (contents described below)


## The Problem Domain
To continue with your AsyncInn Hotel Management System, you need to seed hotel data to display in your application. 
For Today's branch, focus on working within the existing code base that was scaffolded out (If you chose to scaffold). Practice learning and understanding a code base that you didn't write, but need to make modifications too.

## Application Specifications
1. Add data annotations to your existing models to validate basic user input fields as appropriate.
2. Seed your database with at least 
	- 5 default Hotel Locations
	- 6 Room Types
	- 5 Amenities. 
3. *Do not* make any seeded associations with `HotelRoom` or `RoomAmenities`.
4. Update the dropdown lists to include the `Layout` enum, and associations between the `Room` and `Hotel`, as well as the `Room` and `Amenities`. Be sure to display user friendly information in your views (example: display string names instead of ids).
5. Based off of the readings from day 14, either utilize bootstrap (download it into your project from NuGet), or remove all bootstrap specific classes in your HTML. (clean it up!)
6. Add your own styling to the Hotel creation page, Room Creation Page, and Amenities creation page.
7. On the Home Page, create a navigation to the "Create Hotel" page, "Create Room" page, "Create Amenity" page, as well as pages for the "HotelRoom" association and "RoomAmenity" association. Each of these pages (excluding HotelRoom and Room Amenity (see below)) should allow the user to edit/remove existing data. All pages should allow to view the data. 


## Guidance
- There is no extra guidance for this assignment.


## Stretch Goals
I **strongly** encourage you to research how to write tests for a .NET Core MVC application. 
- Attempt to write some tests, as they will eventually be required.  Research, start here: [Testing a Controller](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/mvc/controllers/testing). 


## Stretch Goals
These goals will be required in an upcoming lab, but feel free to start a bit "early":
1. Update/Edit your `RoomAmentities` page to not allow edits. 
	- You should only have the option to create associations, and delete associations.
	- If you scaffolded the controller, this will require the removal of the actions and view pages from the scaffold code, as well as existing links. 
2. Leverage the use TagHelpers and View Models to identify the correct association to remove.
3. Modify the existing code to edit a `HotelRoom`.
	 - Allow a user to edit a `HotelRoom` combination. 
	 - Remember that a Hotel cannot have more than one of the same RoomNumber. Be sure to either implement error handling or some other way to prevent the user from doing so. 
	 - View Models and TagHelpers will be required to send the data back and forth from the server

## Additional Resources
- There are no additional resources provided for this assignment.


## README

**A README is a requirement. No README == No Grade.** <br /> 
Here are the requirements for a valid README: <br />


A README is a module consumer's first -- and maybe only -- look into your creation. The consumer wants a module to fulfill their need, so you must explain exactly what need your module fills, and how effectively it does so.
<br />
Your job is to

1. tell them what it is (with context, provide a summary)
2. show them what it looks like in action (Visuals)
3. show them how they use it (Step by step directions, "Happy Path" walk through)
4. tell them any other relevant details
<br />

This is ***your*** job. It's up to the module creator to prove that their work is a shining gem in the sea of slipshod modules. Since so many developers' eyes will find their way to your README before anything else, quality here is your public-facing measure of your work.

<br /> Refer to the sample-README in the class repo `Resources` folder for an example. 
- [sample-README](https://github.com/noffle/art-of-readme)

## Rubric
- 7pts: Program meets all requirements described in Lab directions.

	Points  | Reasoning | 
	 ------------ | :-----------: | 
	7       | Program runs as expected, no exceptions during execution |
	5       | Program meets all of the  functionality requirements described above (including tests) // Program runs/compiles, Program contains logic/process errors|
	4       | Program meets most of the functionality requirements described above (including tests)  // Program runs/compiles, but throws exceptions during execution |
	3       | Program missing most of the functionality requirements described above // Program runs/compiles |
	2       | README Document does not meet minimum standards |
	0       | Program does not compile/run. Build Errors // Required naming conventions not met |
	0       | No Submission |

- 3pts: Code meets industry standards
	- These points are only awardable if you score at minimum a 5/7 on above criteria

	Points  | Reasoning | 
	 ------------ | :-----------: | 
	3       | Code meets Industry Standards // methods and variables namings are appropriate // Selective and iterative statements are used appropriately, Fundamentals are properly executed // Clearly and cleanly commented |
	2       | syntax for naming conventions are not correct (camelCasing and PascalCasing are used appropriately) // slight errors in use of fundamentals // Missing some comments |
	1       | Inappropriate naming conventions, and/or inappropriate use of fundamentals // Code is not commented  |
	0       | No Submission or incomplete submission |
