Curriculum/Class12/facilitator/facilitator.md, before:

# Facilitators Guide: Class Title

(this file is in construction. Refer to README doc)

## Overview

Today we introduce the concept of relational databases and ERD's. We review with the students what a database is and have the students create their own ERD based off of a demo problem domain.

### How does this topic fit?

**Where we've been**:
In the previous class we introduced MVC as a whole. We reviewed all the different components...what each part of the pattern did, and made an application that utulized all three components. 

**What are we focusing on today**:
Today, we'll be diving into a brand new project that will eventually turn into an MVC API server. Today, we get to focus on the planning part of a web app and let students understand the importance of understanding the data of an app and how to create an ERD before starting the coding process.

**Where we're headed**:
Next class will focus on building off of this application and turning it into an API server with a SQL Server database. 

## Learning Objectives

Review the detailed objectives in today's [student-facing readme](../README.md).

> Our primary outcomes and goals for the day are to teach the students how to read a problem domain and come up with an initial plan of how to store data in an ERD. Use today to enforce the students to analytically think instead of just "jumping into code".

## Preparation

- Read up on ...
- Get ready for questions about
- Look at previous course student submissions for insight as to what you might see in code review.
- Practice [the demo](../demo/demo-name) on whatever.

## Lecture Outline

Below is the expected lecture outline and flow. One possible way to present this material is documented in the [example lecture](../Resources/Databases.md) notes.

### Code Review

- Notes here

### ERD

- **Why** (5 min)
  - We need a way to plan how our data is going to be stored. We need to know 
- **What** (10 min)
  - An ERD stands for Entity Relationship Diagram. This is how developers plan out what their database is going to look like and how they are going to store and categorize their data. ERDs give us a visual of where our data is stored and the relationship between each of the entities. 
- **How** (30 min)
  - ERDs mostly consist of UML. We don't necessarily have to "know" UML like a professional to build and understand the diagram...but it is helpful. 
    - Break down for the students what an ERD consists of (Keys, Nav properties, relationships). Show them that each "entity" is a box. Don't forget to stress on how to READ ERDs. They will want to know how to properly read and understand an ERD to fully determine the relationships.
- **Experimentation and Discovery Ideas**
  - Thing
  
- ### DBCOntext Structure in MVC App

- **Why** (5 min)
  - Thing
- **What** (10 min)
  - Thing
- **How** (30 min)
  - Thing
- **Experimentation and Discovery Ideas**
  - Thing

## Lab Notes

- Words

## What might students struggle with today?

- Words

## Past bugs, issues or surprises...

## General Comments and Notes

Commit message:

Re-adjustments to the ordering and creating lab 12 with more instructions

Curriculum/Class12/facilitator/facilitator.md, after:

# Facilitators Guide: Class Title

(this file is in construction. Refer to README doc)

## Overview

Today we introduce the concept of relational databases and ERD's. We review with the students what a database is and have the students create their own ERD based off of a demo problem domain.

### How does this topic fit?

**Where we've been**:
In the previous class we introduced MVC as a whole. We reviewed all the different components...what each part of the pattern did, and made an application that utulized all three components. 

**What are we focusing on today**:
Today, we'll be diving into a brand new project that will eventually turn into an MVC API server. Today, we get to focus on the planning part of a web app and let students understand the importance of understanding the data of an app and how to create an ERD before starting the coding process.

**Where we're headed**:
Next class will focus on building off of this application and turning it into an API server with a SQL Server database. 

## Learning Objectives

Review the detailed objectives in today's [student-facing readme](../README.md).

> Our primary outcomes and goals for the day are to teach the students how to read a problem domain and come up with an initial plan of how to store data in an ERD. Use today to enforce the students to analytically think instead of just "jumping into code".

## Preparation

- Read up on ...
- Get ready for questions about
- Look at previous course student submissions for insight as to what you might see in code review.
- Practice [the demo](../demo/demo-name) on whatever.

## Lecture Outline

Below is the expected lecture outline and flow. One possible way to present this material is documented in the [example lecture](../Resources/Databases.md) notes.

### Code Review

- Notes here

### Intro to Entity Framework

- **Why** (5 min)
- **What** (10 min) 
- **How** (30 min)
- **Experimentation and Discovery Ideas**
  - Thing
  
### Simple Models

- **Why** (5 min)
  - Thing
- **What** (10 min)
  - Simple models are the entities that we will ahve stored in our database. These entities will represent what our tables in our database will look like with it's shape. 
- **How** (30 min)
  - Thing
- **Experimentation and Discovery Ideas**
  - Thing

### Migration Scripts

### Api Scaffold

## Lab Notes

- This is the initial implementaiton of Async Inn project. Today, they will start the code application and start building out the models with a very basic database. 

## What might students struggle with today?

- Words

## Past bugs, issues or surprises...

## General Comments and Notes
