Lectures/Class03/README.md, before:

# ![cf](http://i.imgur.com/7v5ASc8.png) Class 03

## Overview
* This day introduces external libraries that you can use within your code. We introduce the System.IO Library. 
* The students will be introduced into Concurrency. The basics of Multi-threading, Async/Await, and Parallel programming.

## Learning Objectives
1. The Student will be able to successfully Create, Read, and Update a text file using the System.IO library
1. The students will implement concurrency into their programs to show performance improvement.
1. Students will know and understand the purpose of the using statements when connecting to an external location.

## Lecture Outline

### System.IO

1. Let's talk about file manipulation...
   1. What is File Manipulation
      1. Way to persist data (without a db or with an in-memory option)
   1. How would we access an external file?
      1. What is System.IO
         1.  System IO is a namespace ( ***what is a namespace again?***)
         that allows reading and writing to to files and a data streams along with basic file and directory support
      1. [System.IO](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.io(v=vs.110).aspx) classes

      1. Set the path in a string: 
         ```csharp 
            string path = @"Full\Path\to\File.txt";
         ```
      1. 

1. **System I.O Library**
   1. Create an external text file
      1. Declare where your file will be created
         ```csharp 
            string path = @"Full\Path\to\File.txt";
         ```
      1. if the file doesn't exists...let's create it:
         ```csharp
           using (FileStream fs = File.Create(path))
                    {
                        Byte[] info = new UTF8Encoding(true).GetBytes("List of Words in File");
                        // Add some information to the file.
                        fs.Write(info, 0, info.Length);
                    }
         ```

            1. let's break down this code snippet
               1.  First off - What is this 'using' statement
                   1. it is a statement that forces the `Dispose` to be called - even if an exception is hit.
               1. When using a 'using' statement, you establish a connection to something (db, file, etc...), and do something with that connection.
               1. in this case, we are creating a txt file from the path noted, and writing to the file with a message.
               1. `Write()` is a class within the Filestream Class within System.IO
  
   1. Scenario #2: File Already exists, not i jsut need to find and read it in! 
      1. Read the file in
       ```csharp
        using (StreamReader sr = File.OpenText(path))
        {
           string s = "";
           while ((s = sr.ReadLine()) != null)
           {
             Console.WriteLine(s);
            }
        }
         ```
      -OR-
    ```csharp
        string[] worrds = File.ReadAllLines(path);
    ```

      1. Write to the end of a file:
           ```csharp
                    using (StreamWriter sw = File.AppendText(path))
                    {
                      sw.WriteLine(word);
                    }
         ```    
      1. Delete a file:
         ```csharp
            File.Delete(completePath);
            ```
      1. Copy a file from one location to another
         ```csharp
            string fileName = "test.txt";
            string sourcePath = @"C:\Users\Public\TestFolder";
            string targetPath =  @"C:\Users\Public\TestFolder\SubDir";

             // Use Path class to manipulate file and directory paths.
            string sourceFile = System.IO.Path.Combine(sourcePath, fileName);
            string destFile = System.IO.Path.Combine(targetPath, fileName);
           ```

          ```csharp
          // To copy a file to another location and 
         // overwrite the destination file if it already exists.
         System.IO.File.Copy(sourceFile, destFile, true);
         ```

          ```csharp
            
           // Will not overwrite if the destination file already exists.
            File.Copy(Path.Combine(sourceDir, fName), Path.Combine(backupDir, fName));

           ```
   
1. **Arrays & Reading File Contents**
   1. Why do we need to use arrays?
   1. `Split()` your file
       1. Read by lihe vs splitting by a deliminator
          1. ``char[] delimiterChars = { ' ', ',', '.', ':', '\t' };``
          
                ```csharp
                string text = "one\ttwo three:four,five six seven";
                string[] words = text.Split(delimiterChars);
                ```
   1. iterate through your array of file contents

    ```csharp
    foreach (string s in words)
    {
        System.Console.WriteLine(s);
    }
    ```

### Concurrency


## Readings
1. [File and Stream I/O](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/io/index)
1. [Write to a file](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/io/how-to-write-text-to-a-file)
1. [Read to a file](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/io/how-to-read-and-write-to-a-newly-created-data-file)


## Resources
1. [Copy, Delete, Move Files and Folders](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/file-system/how-to-copy-delete-and-move-files-and-folders)

## Code Challenge 03
Josie Cat has 2 types of plants she would like to plant; cat nip, and mint.
She would like to alternate each of these plants within 5 columns and 5 rows. 

If you have time, using the same number of colums and rows as above, create another garden for Josie Cat that has alternating rows
- The 1st/3rd/5th row are of Carrots
- The 2nd/4th row are of tomatos.

Duration of this Code challenge: 90 minutes

Commit message:

adding File object definitions into notes

Lectures/Class03/README.md, after:

# ![cf](http://i.imgur.com/7v5ASc8.png) Class 03

## Overview
* This day introduces external libraries that you can use within your code. We introduce the System.IO Library. 
* The students will be introduced into Concurrency. The basics of Multi-threading, Async/Await, and Parallel programming.

## Learning Objectives
1. The Student will be able to successfully Create, Read, and Update a text file using the System.IO library
1. The students will implement concurrency into their programs to show performance improvement.
1. Students will know and understand the purpose of the using statements when connecting to an external location.

## Lecture Outline

### System.IO

1. Let's talk about file manipulation...
   1. What is File Manipulation
      1. Way to persist data (without a db or with an in-memory option)
   1. How would we access an external file?
      1. What is System.IO
         1.  System IO is a namespace ( ***what is a namespace again?***)
         that allows reading and writing to to files and a data streams along with basic file and directory support
      1. [System.IO](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.io(v=vs.110).aspx) classes

      1. Set the path in a string: 
         ```csharp 
            string path = @"Full\Path\to\File.txt";
         ```
      1. 

1. **System I.O Library**

- The `File` class is a built in class library inside C#. You can get all types of information about the file from this object.
- Directory is similiar. 

#### Stream
- A stream is a sort of pipeline or channel of bytes flowing through your program.
- A stream is an object, and like all objects streams have data and methods. the methods allow you to performa actions such as opening, closing, and flushing (clearing) the stream. 

- Most streams flow in only one direction. Each strem is either an input or output stream. 
- You may even open several streams at once to read a file (input stream), seperate the data from valid/invalid (2 output streams), 

1. *StreamReader* - Text input from a file
2. *StreamWriter* - text output to a file
3. *FileStream* -  used alone for bytes with either StreamReader and StreamWriter for text. used for either input or output to a file. 
 
   1. Create an external text file
      1. Declare where your file will be created
         ```csharp 
            string path = @"Full\Path\to\File.txt";
         ```
      1. if the file doesn't exists...let's create it:
         ```csharp
           using (FileStream fs = File.Create(path))
                    {
                        Byte[] info = new UTF8Encoding(true).GetBytes("List of Words in File");
                        // Add some information to the file.
                        fs.Write(info, 0, info.Length);
                    }
         ```

            1. let's break down this code snippet
               1.  First off - What is this 'using' statement
                   1. it is a statement that forces the `Dispose` to be called - even if an exception is hit.
               1. When using a 'using' statement, you establish a connection to something (db, file, etc...), and do something with that connection.
               1. in this case, we are creating a txt file from the path noted, and writing to the file with a message.
               1. `Write()` is a class within the Filestream Class within System.IO
  
   1. Scenario #2: File Already exists, not i jsut need to find and read it in! 
      1. Read the file in
       ```csharp
        using (StreamReader sr = File.OpenText(path))
        {
           string s = "";
           while ((s = sr.ReadLine()) != null)
           {
             Console.WriteLine(s);
            }
        }
         ```
      -OR-
    ```csharp
        string[] worrds = File.ReadAllLines(path);
    ```

      1. Write to the end of a file:
           ```csharp
                    using (StreamWriter sw = File.AppendText(path))
                    {
                      sw.WriteLine(word);
                    }
         ```    
      1. Delete a file:
         ```csharp
            File.Delete(completePath);
            ```
      1. Copy a file from one location to another
         ```csharp
            string fileName = "test.txt";
            string sourcePath = @"C:\Users\Public\TestFolder";
            string targetPath =  @"C:\Users\Public\TestFolder\SubDir";

             // Use Path class to manipulate file and directory paths.
            string sourceFile = System.IO.Path.Combine(sourcePath, fileName);
            string destFile = System.IO.Path.Combine(targetPath, fileName);
           ```

          ```csharp
          // To copy a file to another location and 
         // overwrite the destination file if it already exists.
         System.IO.File.Copy(sourceFile, destFile, true);
         ```

          ```csharp
            
           // Will not overwrite if the destination file already exists.
            File.Copy(Path.Combine(sourceDir, fName), Path.Combine(backupDir, fName));

           ```
   
1. **Arrays & Reading File Contents**
   1. Why do we need to use arrays?
   1. `Split()` your file
       1. Read by lihe vs splitting by a deliminator
          1. ``char[] delimiterChars = { ' ', ',', '.', ':', '\t' };``
          
                ```csharp
                string text = "one\ttwo three:four,five six seven";
                string[] words = text.Split(delimiterChars);
                ```
   1. iterate through your array of file contents

    ```csharp
    foreach (string s in words)
    {
        System.Console.WriteLine(s);
    }
    ```

## Readings
1. [File and Stream I/O](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/io/index)
1. [Write to a file](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/io/how-to-write-text-to-a-file)
1. [Read to a file](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/io/how-to-read-and-write-to-a-newly-created-data-file)


## Resources
1. [Copy, Delete, Move Files and Folders](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/file-system/how-to-copy-delete-and-move-files-and-folders)

## Code Challenge 03
Josie Cat has 2 types of plants she would like to plant; cat nip, and mint.
She would like to alternate each of these plants within 5 columns and 5 rows. 

If you have time, using the same number of colums and rows as above, create another garden for Josie Cat that has alternating rows
- The 1st/3rd/5th row are of Carrots
- The 2nd/4th row are of tomatos.

Duration of this Code challenge: 90 minutes
