Labs/Day04/README.md, before:

![cf](http://i.imgur.com/7v5ASc8.png) Lab 4 : I Built A Zoo!
=====================================

## To Submit this Assignment
- fork this repository
- write all of your code in a branch named `lab-#`; + `<your name>` **e.g.** `lab04-amanda`
- push to your repository
- submit a pull request to this repository
- submit a link to your PR in canvas

## Directions

- Using the Object Oriented Principles (OOPs) you learned today (Inhertiance and Abstraction)
- Build out the hierarchical class structure of a zoo. There should be at least 3 layers of inheritance with at least 6 different types of animals. 
- Show inheritance by using `Console.WriteLine()` as neccesary to prove that a methods were propertly implemented or inherited.
    - Examples include: `Eat()` `Sleep()` `Sound()` etc... 
    - You are allowed to use these example methods, along with others not listed
- Be sure to include a diagram with your solution of how your zoo is mapped out. 
- Label the abstract methods and classes as neccesary and be sure to clearly show the inheritance levels. 

## Components
- Have at least 3 different abstract classes
- Have at least 3 layers of inheritance
- Have at least 3 abstract methods (each in different classes)
- Each class you define should have at least 3 methods in it.

- Your drawing of your zoo diagram should be clearly labeled of which classes
- To 'prove' your inheritance, use `Console.WriteLine()` to output to the console.

## ReadMe
- Your readme should include the following information:
	- How long did it take you to complete this assignment?
	- What did you struggle with? Why? How did you solve?
	- What did you learn during this assignment?
    - What resources did you utilize for this assingment?

## Rubric
- 1pts: Application runs without any errors
- 2pts: Diagram created and labeled to show inherited and abstracted classes
- 2pts: Readme included with answers to questions
- 2pts: Class structure is comprehensible
- 3pts: At least 3 different layers of inheritance

Commit message:

readme directions change. Lab 4 & 5 direction change

Labs/Day04/README.md, after:

![cf](http://i.imgur.com/7v5ASc8.png) Lab 4 : I Built A Zoo!
=====================================

## To Submit this Assignment
- fork this repository
- create a new branch named `lab01-`; + `<your name>` **e.g.** `lab01-amanda`
- write your code
- push to your repository
- submit a pull request to this repository
- submit a link to your PR in canvas
- Include a Readme.md (contents described below)

## Directions

- Using the Object Oriented Principles (OOPs): Inhertiance and Abstraction -- 
- Build out the hierarchical class structure of a zoo. There should be at least 3 layers of inheritance with at least 6 different types of animals. 
- Show inheritance by using `Console.WriteLine()` as neccesary to prove that a methods were propertly implemented or inherited.
    - Examples include: `Eat()` `Sleep()` `Sound()` etc... 
    - You are allowed to use these example methods, along with others not listed
- Be sure to include a diagram with your solution of how your zoo is mapped out. 
- Label the abstract methods and classes as neccesary and be sure to clearly show the inheritance levels. 

## Components
- Have at least 3 different abstract classes
- Have at least 3 layers of inheritance
- Have at least 3 abstract methods (each in different classes)
- Each class you define should have at least 3 methods in it.

- Your drawing of your zoo diagram should be clearly labeled of which classes
- To 'prove' your inheritance, use `Console.WriteLine()` to output to the console.

## ReadMe
A README is a module consumer's first -- and maybe only -- look into your creation. The consumer wants a module to fulfill their need, so you must explain exactly what need your module fills, and how effectively it does so.
<br />
Your job is to
1. tell them what it is (with context)
2. show them what it looks like in action
3. show them how they use it
4. tell them any other relevant details
<br />

This is ***your*** job. It's up to the module creator to prove that their work is a shining gem in the sea of slipshod modules. 
Since so many developers' eyes will find their way to your README before anything else, quality here is your public-facing measure of your work.

<br /> Refer to the sample-README in the class repo for an example. 
- [Reference](https://github.com/noffle/art-of-readme)

## Rubric
- 7pts: Program meets all requirements described in Lab directions
- 3pts: Code meets industry standards

- **Readme.md required for submission. Missing readme document will result in a best score of 2/10**
