Curriculum/Class04/LAB.md, before:

![cf](http://i.imgur.com/7v5ASc8.png) Lab 04: Tic-Tac-Toe
=====================================

## To Submit this Assignment
- If you have not done so already, clone the class repo
- Be sure to `pull` for updated content
- Copy the starter code in class 04 to a newly created git repo (`cp -r location/of/startercode/. location/of/new/git/repo) 
(**Don't forget about the "dot" at the end of code source**)
- Do an `initial commit` of the starter code
- Create a branch named `NAME-LAB##`
- Write your code
- Commit often
- Push to your repository
- Create a pull request from your branch back your `master` branch.
- Submit a link to your PR in canvas
- Merge your PR back into master
- Include a `README.md` (contents described below)

## Directions
Building off of your starter code provided from the class repo, complete the `Game` class. 

Find the `TODO`s in the code (Hint: Go to your "view" menu and select "Task List", This will show you all of your TODOs within the starter code)

In addition to completing the TODOs, add summary comments above all of the methods that do not currently have summary comments. Be 
sure to explain what the main purpose of the method is, in addition to where it is being called/used. Identify the parameters and 
returns in the appropriate xml tags. 

## Guidance
A Game board, to a user, looks like this:

```
|1||2||3|
|4||5||6|
|7||8||9|

```
The numbers in each of the squares will indicate the position number. Prompt the user to 
select which position they wish to 
play and then replace that position with either an `X` or an `O`.

A winning board may look like this (O Wins!):

```
|X||X||O|
|4||O||X|
|O||X||9|
```
Remember that Tic-Tac-Toe is a 2 player game, so be sure to "switch" between players. 
Make it known to the user that
their turn is over and it's time for the next players turn. You will have both play on 
the same board. 

 Here is an outline for different classes that you have:
- Game Board (this should construct/display the board after every turn with it's new state)
- Player (This will hold the players information such as name or marker, in addition to any 
actions that user may take)
- Game (This would hold the actions of the game. )

Be sure to check for a winner after each turn. Be aware that it is possible to have a tie/draw 
if no winner can be determined and all 
marks on the board are occupied. 


Stay within scope of this project. Please only use concepts and resources that we have covered 
so far in previous labs/lectures/assigned prework. 
If you are unsure if it is within scope, please ask a TA or instructor.

### Hints

Here are the winning positions in a tic-tac-toe game.

```csharp
            int[][] winners = new int[][]
            {
                new[] {1,2,3},
                new[] {4,5,6},
                new[] {7,8,9},

                new[] {1,4,7},
                new[] {2,5,8},
                new[] {3,6,9},

                new[] {1,5,9},
                new[] {3,5,7}
            };

```

## Additional Resources
Review/research these resources to assist you in the construction of your program:

- [Two Dimensional Arrays](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/arrays/multidimensional-arrays){:target="_blank"} 
- [Jagged Arrays](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/arrays/jagged-arrays){:target="_blank"} 



## Tests
Have tests written for the following functionality:
1. Given a game board, Test for winners (at least 3)
2. Test that there is a switch in players between turns
3. Confirm that the position the player inputs correlates to the correct index of the array
4. One other "unique" test of your own

## README

**A Readme is a requirement. No Readme == No Grade.** <br /> 
Here are the requirements for a valid readme: <br />

A README is a module consumer's first -- and maybe only -- look into your creation. The consumer wants a module to fulfill their need, so you must explain exactly what need your module fills, and how effectively it does so.
<br />
Your job is to

1. tell them what it is (with context, provide a summary)
2. show them what it looks like in action (Visuals)
3. show them how they use it (Step by step directions, "Happy Path" walk through)
4. tell them any other relevant details
<br />

This is ***your*** job. It's up to the module creator to prove that their work is a shining gem in the sea of slipshod modules. Since so many developers' eyes will find their way to your README before anything else, quality here is your public-facing measure of your work.

<br /> Refer to the sample-README in the class repo `Resources` folder for an example. 
- [Reference](https://github.com/noffle/art-of-readme){:target="_blank"} 

## Rubric
- 7pts: Program meets all requirements described in Lab directions.

	Points  | Reasoning | 
	 ------------ | :-----------: | 
	7       | Program runs as expected, no exceptions during execution |
	5       | Program meets all of the  functionality requirements described above (including tests) // Program runs/compiles, Program contains logic/process errors|
	4       | Program meets most of the functionality requirements described above (including tests)  // Program runs/compiles, but throws exceptions during execution |
	3       | Program missing most of the functionality requirements described above // Program runs/compiles |
	2       | Missing Readme Document // Readme Document does not meet standards |
	0       | Program does not compile/run. Build Errors // Required naming conventions not met |
	0       | No Submission |

- 3pts: Code meets industry standards
	- These points are only awarded if you score at minimum a 5/7 on above criteria
	
	Points  | Reasoning | 
	 ------------ | :-----------: | 
	3       | Code meets Industry Standards // method and variable names are appropriate // Selective and iterative statements are used appropriately, Fundamentals are properly executed // Clearly and cleanly commented // Frequent Commits |
	2       | syntax for naming conventions are not correct (camelCasing and PascalCasing are used appropriately) // slight errors in use of fundamentals // Missing some comments // minimal or no commits |
	1       | Inappropriate naming conventions, and/or inappropriate use of fundamentals // Code is not commented  |
	0       | No Submission or incomplete submission |

Commit message:

add actual time in submission requirements

Curriculum/Class04/LAB.md, after:

![cf](http://i.imgur.com/7v5ASc8.png) Lab 04: Tic-Tac-Toe
=====================================

## To Submit this Assignment
- If you have not done so already, clone the class repo
- Be sure to `pull` for updated content
- Copy the starter code in class 04 to a newly created git repo (`cp -r location/of/startercode/. location/of/new/git/repo) 
(**Don't forget about the "dot" at the end of code source**)
- Do an `initial commit` of the starter code
- Create a branch named `NAME-LAB##`
- Write your code
- Commit often
- Push to your repository
- Create a pull request from your branch back your `master` branch.
- Submit a link to your PR in canvas
- Merge your PR back into master
- In Canvas, Include the actual time it took you to complete the assignment as a comment (**REQUIRED**)
- Include a `README.md` (contents described below)

## Directions
Building off of your starter code provided from the class repo, complete the `Game` class. 

Find the `TODO`s in the code (Hint: Go to your "view" menu and select "Task List", This will show you all of your TODOs within the starter code)

In addition to completing the TODOs, add summary comments above all of the methods that do not currently have summary comments. Be 
sure to explain what the main purpose of the method is, in addition to where it is being called/used. Identify the parameters and 
returns in the appropriate xml tags. 

## Guidance
A Game board, to a user, looks like this:

```
|1||2||3|
|4||5||6|
|7||8||9|

```
The numbers in each of the squares will indicate the position number. Prompt the user to 
select which position they wish to 
play and then replace that position with either an `X` or an `O`.

A winning board may look like this (O Wins!):

```
|X||X||O|
|4||O||X|
|O||X||9|
```
Remember that Tic-Tac-Toe is a 2 player game, so be sure to "switch" between players. 
Make it known to the user that
their turn is over and it's time for the next players turn. You will have both play on 
the same board. 

 Here is an outline for different classes that you have:
- Game Board (this should construct/display the board after every turn with it's new state)
- Player (This will hold the players information such as name or marker, in addition to any 
actions that user may take)
- Game (This would hold the actions of the game. )

Be sure to check for a winner after each turn. Be aware that it is possible to have a tie/draw 
if no winner can be determined and all 
marks on the board are occupied. 


Stay within scope of this project. Please only use concepts and resources that we have covered 
so far in previous labs/lectures/assigned prework. 
If you are unsure if it is within scope, please ask a TA or instructor.

### Hints

Here are the winning positions in a tic-tac-toe game.

```csharp
            int[][] winners = new int[][]
            {
                new[] {1,2,3},
                new[] {4,5,6},
                new[] {7,8,9},

                new[] {1,4,7},
                new[] {2,5,8},
                new[] {3,6,9},

                new[] {1,5,9},
                new[] {3,5,7}
            };

```

## Additional Resources
Review/research these resources to assist you in the construction of your program:

- [Two Dimensional Arrays](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/arrays/multidimensional-arrays){:target="_blank"} 
- [Jagged Arrays](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/arrays/jagged-arrays){:target="_blank"} 



## Tests
Have tests written for the following functionality:
1. Given a game board, Test for winners (at least 3)
2. Test that there is a switch in players between turns
3. Confirm that the position the player inputs correlates to the correct index of the array
4. One other "unique" test of your own

## README

**A Readme is a requirement. No Readme == No Grade.** <br /> 
Here are the requirements for a valid readme: <br />

A README is a module consumer's first -- and maybe only -- look into your creation. The consumer wants a module to fulfill their need, so you must explain exactly what need your module fills, and how effectively it does so.
<br />
Your job is to

1. tell them what it is (with context, provide a summary)
2. show them what it looks like in action (Visuals)
3. show them how they use it (Step by step directions, "Happy Path" walk through)
4. tell them any other relevant details
<br />

This is ***your*** job. It's up to the module creator to prove that their work is a shining gem in the sea of slipshod modules. Since so many developers' eyes will find their way to your README before anything else, quality here is your public-facing measure of your work.

<br /> Refer to the sample-README in the class repo `Resources` folder for an example. 
- [Reference](https://github.com/noffle/art-of-readme){:target="_blank"} 

## Rubric
- 7pts: Program meets all requirements described in Lab directions.

	Points  | Reasoning | 
	 ------------ | :-----------: | 
	7       | Program runs as expected, no exceptions during execution |
	5       | Program meets all of the  functionality requirements described above (including tests) // Program runs/compiles, Program contains logic/process errors|
	4       | Program meets most of the functionality requirements described above (including tests)  // Program runs/compiles, but throws exceptions during execution |
	3       | Program missing most of the functionality requirements described above // Program runs/compiles |
	2       | Missing Readme document // Readme document does not meet standards // Missing actual time CANVAS note |
	0       | Program does not compile/run. Build Errors // Required naming conventions not met |
	0       | No Submission |

- 3pts: Code meets industry standards
	- These points are only awarded if you score at minimum a 5/7 on above criteria
	
	Points  | Reasoning | 
	 ------------ | :-----------: | 
	3       | Code meets Industry Standards // method and variable names are appropriate // Selective and iterative statements are used appropriately, Fundamentals are properly executed // Clearly and cleanly commented // Frequent Commits |
	2       | syntax for naming conventions are not correct (camelCasing and PascalCasing are used appropriately) // slight errors in use of fundamentals // Missing some comments // minimal or no commits |
	1       | Inappropriate naming conventions, and/or inappropriate use of fundamentals // Code is not commented  |
	0       | No Submission or incomplete submission |
