curriculum/class-16/facilitator/README.md, before:

# Facilitators Guide: DTOs and Testing

## Overview

Today, we will clean up the output from the API server, and make them a bit more client friendly. We will introduce the concept of DTOs to have more control over what data gets sent out and is accepted into the server.

### How does this topic fit?

**Where we've been**:
In the previous classes we've build out the API server and customized the routing

**What are we focusing on today**:
Today, we'll be customizing the data that comes in and out of the server through DTOs

**Where we're headed**:
We will be soon adding authentication and authorization to our app to finalize the api server.

## Learning Objectives

Review the detailed objectives in today's [student-facing readme](../README.md).

> Our primary outcomes and goals for the day are to have the students refactor their current codebase to customize and create DTOs

## Preparation


## Lecture Outline

Below is the expected lecture outline and flow. One possible way to present this material is documented in the [example lecture](../LECTURE-NOTES.md) notes.

### Code Review

- Review lab 14's routing and Dependency Injection

### DTOs

- **Why** (5 min)
  - We don't want to expose our database entities to the outside world, also the data coming into the server will not always match 1:1 with the entities we created. We want the ability to customize the incoming and outgoing data.
- **What** (10 min)
  - DTOs stand for Data Transfer Objects. These are custom objects that contain data that are sent and received from the server. This helps us control what routes get what data with minimal restrictions.
- **How** (30 min)
  - Build out a class and have it hold all of hte properties for the DTO. make either the return type or the parameter of the action/route be the designated DTO.
- **Experimentation and Discovery Ideas**
  - Create different DTOs
  - Customize the data that is shown on an API rseponse and make them more readable for the client.

  2. **Testing**
    - **Why** (5 minutes)
        - We need to make sure our code is reliable and behaves as we expect. 
  - **What** (10 minutes)
        - Testing allows us to make sure that our methods within our service work exactly as we expect. 
  - **How** (30 minutes)
        - Create a new Xunit project, similar to how you did it before with your console apps. Show how to explicietly test the service for the CRUD calls. 

3. **Deployment to Azure**
    - **Why**
        - we need our app to be globally accessible. to do this, we use Azure to host our database, and our server side application. 
    - **What**
        - 
    - **How**
         - In addition to "right click publish", we also need to deploy our database. Refer to the "deploy cheat sheet" doc on directions. (Resources/deployment), share this doc with the students

## Lab Notes
- A lot of refactoring

## What might students struggle with today?
- Concept of what a DTO is

## Past bugs, issues or surprises...


## General Comments and Notes

N/A

Commit message:

Slight Reorg - DTO ... Tests/Swagger/Deploy ... ID ... JWT

curriculum/class-16/facilitator/README.md, after:

# Facilitators Guide: Data Transfer Objects (DTOs)

## Overview

Today, we will clean up the output from the API server, and make them a bit more client friendly. We will introduce the concept of DTOs to have more control over what data gets sent out and is accepted into the server.

### How does this topic fit?

**Where we've been**:
In the previous classes we've built out a full API server using the repository pattern for DB Services, Dependency Injection, Customized Routing, Navigation Properties and LINQ Queries.

**What are we focusing on today**:
Today, we'll be customizing the data that comes in and out of the server through DTOs, enforcing the idea of 2-way data contracts

**Where we're headed**:
In our next class, we'll be leveling up our API server with Tests, Swagger Documentation, and deploying it to Azure, before we dig into user authentication

## Learning Objectives

Review the detailed objectives in today's [student-facing readme](../README.md).

> Our primary outcomes and goals for the day are to have the students refactor their current codebase to customize and create DTOs

## Preparation

## Lecture Outline

Below is the expected lecture outline and flow. One possible way to present this material is documented in the [example lecture](../LECTURE-NOTES.md) notes.

### Code Review

- Review lab 14's routing and Dependency Injection
  - DI Lifecycle
  - Route Handling Lifecycle
  - The role of services
  - Models & Navigation Properties
  - Database Migrations

### DTOs

- **Why** (5 min)
  - For Security, we don't want to expose our database entities (names, fields) to the outside world.
  - The data coming into the server will not always match 1:1 with the entities we created.
  - We want the ability to customize the incoming and outgoing data.
  - We call this "Adaptation"
- **What** (10 min)
  - DTO = Data Transfer Objects.
  - These are custom objects that contain data that are sent and received from the server.
  - This helps us control what routes get what data with minimal restrictions.
- **How** (30 min)
  - Build out a class and have it hold all of hte properties for the DTO.
  - Make the return type, and the parameter of the action/route be the designated DTO.
- **Experimentation and Discovery Ideas**
  - Create different DTOs
  - Customize the data that is shown on an API response and make them more readable for the client.

## Lab Notes
- A lot of refactoring

## What might students struggle with today?
- Concept of what a DTO is
- Wiring and re-wiring

## Past bugs, issues or surprises...


## General Comments and Notes

Remind students that the more they re-wire things, the more they'll start to recognize where things belong, and how to find the things they need.
