Lectures/Class02/ReadMe.md, before:

![cf](http://i.imgur.com/7v5ASc8.png) Class 02:Exception Handling & Debugging
=====================================

## Overview
* Today is solely focusing on how students should be approaching the setup and presentation of their assignments. 
* Use XUnit when unit testing within C#. 
* The documentation portion shows an example of what the readme documentation should look like, as well as comments within code.


## Learning Objectives
* Students will be able to successfully create unit tests for their C# console applications using the Red/Green/Refactor approach. 
* The students will understand and implement code coverage within their programs when testing
* Students will include intuitive comments within their code
* Students will setup readme documentation for each assignment given a specific format

# Lecture Outline

## Unit Tests TDD

### What are Unit tests?
	- Used to verify your code is working as expected
	- Defend your position - Used as a justification
	- Code Coverage - aim at 90%. 

### Demo
	- Code Challenge: FizzBuzz
		- recreate using the TDD approach
		- Show how to install NuGet packages and add XUnit

## Documentation
	- What is it?

### What is Documentation?
	- Why do we use it?
	- What are the different types?
		- Comments
		- README in github
	- How do we Create it?
		- Example of Readme
		- Example of Comments

# Resources

# Assignments

## Readings
- [XUnit Documentation](http://xunit.github.io/#documentation)
- [Art of Readme](https://github.com/noffle/art-of-readme)
- [ReadMe Best Practices](https://github.com/jehna/readme-best-practices)

## Lab
- (2) Code Katas
	- Supermarket Challenge
	- War Card Game Challenge

- Stretch Goal - Additonal Katas

## Coding Challenge
- Reverse String challenge

Commit message:

Add Demo Code to Day 1 and 2 for prep

Lectures/Class02/ReadMe.md, after:

![cf](http://i.imgur.com/7v5ASc8.png) Class 02:Exception Handling & Debugging
=====================================

## Overview
* Today is solely focusing on how students should be approaching the setup and presentation of their assignments. 
* Use XUnit when unit testing within C#. 
* The documentation portion shows an example of what the readme documentation should look like, as well as comments within code.


## Learning Objectives
* Students will be able to successfully create unit tests for their C# console applications using the Red/Green/Refactor approach. 
* The students will understand and implement code coverage within their programs when testing
* Students will include intuitive comments within their code
* Students will setup readme documentation for each assignment given a specific format

# Lecture Outline

## Unit Tests TDD

### What are Unit tests?
	- Used to verify your code is working as expected
	- Defend your position - Used as a justification
	- Code Coverage - aim at 90%. 

### Demo
	- Code Challenge: FizzBuzz
		- recreate using the TDD approach
		- Show how to install NuGet packages and add XUnit

#### Demo Steps:
1. What are Unit Tests?
	- Why do we need them?
1. Display this RED/GREEN/REFACTOR article in class: General Code Kata reasoning [here](http://www.peterprovost.org/blog/2012/05/02/kata-the-only-way-to-learn-tdd/)
1. What does Red/Green/Refactor mean?
	- When you are in red, the only thing you can do is "Make the test pass"
	- When you are in green you have two choices - Refactor, or write a new test

1. Create a new test solution in Visual Studio.
1. Install the xUnit NuGet package on Demo solution (Confirm the xunit versions are the same on the test solution and original solution)
1. Break down what exactly we are testing. (Do a visual or PsuedoCode, if number is divisible by 3, return "Fizz", if 5, return "Buzz", if both "FizzBuzz" else if neither, return number.)



## Documentation
	- What is it?

### What is Documentation?
	- Why do we use it?
	- What are the different types?
		- Comments
		- README in github
	- How do we Create it?
		- Example of Readme
		- Example of Comments

# Resources

# Assignments

## Readings
- [XUnit Documentation](http://xunit.github.io/#documentation)
- [Art of Readme](https://github.com/noffle/art-of-readme)
- [ReadMe Best Practices](https://github.com/jehna/readme-best-practices)

## Lab
- (2) Code Katas
	- Supermarket Challenge
	- War Card Game Challenge

- Stretch Goal - Additonal Katas

## Coding Challenge
- Reverse String challenge
